Please, wait! Proud Tarnished warrior. Before you kill me, let me speak. I can aid you. Please, just hear me out.
Thank you for listening. I am Asimi. My true form is that of a silver tear. I am a simple being who can assume the shapes of other living things. But now, I've gained knowledge. I speak, and ponder, and...live in fear of death. O, mighty Tarnished warrior, I beg of you. Let me keep the life I've been granted. In exchange, I offer you power.
Ahh, thank you. Now, set your lips upon me, and breathe in deep. I will live inside of you, and grant you strength untold.
Onward, to our glorious future, my host...
You won't listen to me, will you? It's such a pity. I had a feeling you would become...
Please, proud Tarnished warrior, I beg you reconsider. The gifts I can bestow you in life far outstrip those which could be plundered from my corpse. Please, can't you find it in your heart to trust me?
So, you won't trust me. But you still haven't killed me, have you. Do you wish to think it over? Then I will wait. For as long as it takes for you to trust me.
Proud Tarnished Warrior, have you made up your mind? I can grant you power, if you let me live.
My lord host, do you hear that? The sound of water. The river that flows in my home, the Eternal City. Good lord host, I beg you, we must see the Eternal City. To discover the ancient wonders of the stars. A wellspring of strength.
My lord host, great lord host. May I ask something of you? A chalice is close by, the cradle of my kind... Would you mind finding it for me? Mm, you should find the chalice...and drink it dry. Ahh, my lord host. I am terribly parched. The chalice will quench my thirst, rejuvenate my flesh, and allow me to grant you further strength. Please, my lord host. It is my only desire.
Bless this brook of sustenance. My lord host...
My lord host, great lord host. A tear chalice lies in these lands, too. A tear chalice lies in these lands. Our mother chalice. Please, search out this most sacred chalice. It's suffused with the blessed wonders of the stars... It will allow us to become a perfect whole.
Now, lord host. Please, drink every last drop from the mother chalice. So that we may form a perfect whole.
Oh no... Excuse me, lord host. I'm still so very, very parched. In the other Eternal City, there's a cradle chalice to be found. And if you were to drink the entirety of that one, first...
Ahh, are you awake? We've become a perfect whole. There is nothing to fear. I will merely follow in your footsteps. Living only as you would have yourself. And I vow, that when I perfect your form.
Ahh, how could you... I was you, and only you. We were one...together. Please, I only want to live... I only wanted you... to become Lord... Gah...
Oh...you found me... I had hoped you wouldn't... You could have become Elden Lord, and I could have become Sovereign Eternal, eventually. If you hadn't found me, we both could have been Lords.
I was wrong about you...
My apologies, lord host. I will take the throne.
I'm...dying... So this...is fear...
I'm...glad... My lord host, worthiest of lords...
