Oh, I see you've just arrived. Welcome to the Roundtable Hold. I'm Corhyn, a man of the cloth. I teach incantations, the strength granted us by the Two Fingers, and explore the secrets of the Golden Order. So that one day, if a Tarnished of the Roundtable Hold should become Elden Lord, I might counsel them, ensuring order regains its proper form, righting rule over men. By the way, do you still see it? The guidance of grace.
You do! Wonderful news. Most Tarnished are blind to it these days. You are something of a rare breed. Well, what do you say? Care to learn an incantation of the Two Fingers?
Ah, well, that is unfortunate. But no cause for despair. It's likely a temporary condition, I'm told. For whatever reason, it happens from time to time. Just keep your chin up, and stay the path. I pray the great guidance of grace returns to you.
What is it? Has the guidance of grace returned to your vision?
Ah, I see. Just keep your chin up, and stay the path. I pray the great guidance of grace returns to you.
Further study of incantations, is it? I can happily spare the time, and applaud your enthusiasm.
Ah, you appear to be doing well. Very good. Well then. Would you like to learn an incantation?
May the Golden Order shine through you.
There's something I should mention to you, as well. I'm thinking of leaving the Roundtable Hold. Do you know of the noble Goldmask? Though he was but a Tarnished, living outside the Lands Between, he was a great scholar, who foresaw the coming guidance of grace. And now, I hear he has come to the Lands Between alone, to contemplate the Golden Order... I wish nothing more than to seek his instruction, and perhaps even help him in his research.
Ah, I had been waiting for your return. I've decided to leave the Roundtable Hold after all. As I mentioned, I'm off in search of the noble Goldmask. We may not meet again for some time. If there's any incantations you wish to learn, now's the moment.
Ah, I had been waiting for your return. I've decided to leave the Roundtable Hold. I'm off in search of a noble scholar known as the Goldmask, to beg his instruction. We may not meet again for some time. If there's any incantations you wish to learn, now's the moment.
Ah, look who we have here. How delightful, to meet a familiar face, even after departing the Roundtable Hold. I've been doing some learning of my own since then, actually. And will happily pass it along to you.
I'm yet to find the noble Goldmask. I suppose he'll be closer to the Erdtree. The path ahead might be perilous, but tread it I shall. Since departing the Roundtable Hold, I've come to understand, in my solitude, How little it is I truly know...
Do...do you sport with me!? From your description, it can be no other than the Goldmask himself! Of course, of course, I knew he would be close by. Bless the Golden Order, and its benevolent rays. And to you too. My sincerest thanks.
I will soon leave to join the noble Goldmask. It is entirely thanks to you. You have my sincerest gratitude.
Ah, we meet yet again. Thanks to you, I have become acquainted with the noble Goldmask himself, and taken my place by his side, as you can see. Have no fear, I will still teach you incantations, as before. Though we must do so quietly, such that we not disturb the great master's cogitation.
Further study of incantations, is it? Indeed, I applaud your enthusiasm.
Ah, you appear to be doing well. Very good. Well then. Would you like to learn an incantation?
May the Golden Order shine through you.
The master is always deep in contemplation. While I frantically attempt to record his wisdom; the movement of his finger. And though I am yet to comprehend even the daintiest morsel of his wisdom... I know that this, this is my life's calling. The Golden Order has bestowed me, talentless as I am, the great duty of documentarian.
Master! What ever is the matter? Please, I implore you continue! Continue your reflections, your rhythms! I must be the one to record them! What matters this issue of Radagon, really? The Erdtree, heart of the Golden Order, lies before our very eyes! Why must these qualms come to you now? We were on the very cusp!
Oh, was that you? Sorry, I hardly noticed. I'm a little shaken since the master ceased his movements.
Did you need something else?
Oh, was that you? Yes, the master is still ceased. And after coming all this way... Why now, of all times?
The master's reflections had heightened as we neared the Erdtree. While still a precise calculus, the rhythms grew increasingly wild. Until he simply ceased. Now the master is facing quite the puzzle. The Golden Order is founded on the principle that Marika is the one true god. However... The name of Marika's second husband, King Consort Radagon, also appeared... Who exactly was Radagon? The master is stumped. His finger has remained still, ever since Radagon's name was discovered. Curse my mediocre mind.
The master only has me, and here I fail him...
What on earth did you do to the master? Well, not that I'm complaining. Master's finger moves again, resuming his cogitation; more than good enough for me. I haven't the words to thank you. So I'd like to pass this on to you instead. A glimpse into the heart of the Golden Order, documented by yours truly.
To think, that Radagon was Marika herself. Or at least, such is all I can interpret from the rhythm and calculus of his finger. How would such a thing even have been possible, I wonder. Sadly, I cannot comprehend it, myself. Do you have a fuller understanding of the matter? ... Well, either way, I can continue my documentation. In truth it matters very little whether I understand the master's thoughts or not, I am merely his scribe. It is my sole and unwavering purpose.
Who exactly was Radagon? The master is stumped. His finger has remained still, ever since Radagon's name was discovered. But oh, how important could it really be? The Erdtree, heart of the Golden Order, lies before our very eyes! Why must these qualms come to you now? We were on the very cusp!
Ah, nice to see you. I can't believe you've come all this way.
Do you need...something else?
Ah, nice to see you. Do you need...something else?
I've…been gripped by a terrifying thought. The rhythms and calculus of the master's finger... betray a suspicion of the holism of the Golden Order. A conceit, I am afraid, that cannot be overlooked. Oh, but how could this be? I dread to even entertain the possibility... but somehow, I cannot cast aside my doubts about the master. Tell me, have I simply lost my head? Only, if the master were true to the Golden Order, why would he think to breach this forbidden mount of fire?
Oh master, put my mind at ease. Dispel these fearsome thoughts. I want to place my trust in you, to be your scribe. <sobbing>
What...is this? It will make me forget, you say? So that I can push aside these frightful thoughts... Ha...ha ha... Would that I could... Would that I could...
Oh, it's you. I've finally come to understand. The master was nothing more than a madman. Enchanted by a vain and ruinous delusion, he rejected the perfection of the Golden Order, seeking to supplant our glorious faith with his own! Could there be a more pitiable comedy? Look at it. The culmination of perfection, burning, before our very eyes! Ha...ha ha ha...
Master...where did you go? I'm right here. Please, show me. Your finger. Your rhythms, and calculus. Let me document the motions... Master...master... Where did you go?
This...is a volume of incantation. It's good to see your enthusiasm. Indeed, I will happily take it off your hands.
That...is a work of heresy. Its incantations bear no lineage from the Erdtree. My interests lie solely in the Golden Order. I cannot accept this.
That...is a work of heresy. Its incantations bear no lineage from the Erdtree. ... Very well...I'll take it off your hands. I cannot afford to maintain my innocence any longer. I must dirty my hands to test my faith. Even if it offers only the most meagre of hints, I will do whatever I can to help my master.
Ngh!
What are you trying to achieve? Cease that!
You've done it now. Faith grants me strength, that I might endure. O Golden Order, shine through me.
I pray... That the guidance of grace abandons you.
Please don't trouble us again.
O guidance...of grace... Why...can't I...
O, master... To be ever...at your side...
