Ah, there's a face I've not seen before. I'm Edgar, warden of this castle as ordained by Lord Godrick himself. But you can see how things have turned out. The menials have all rebelled. They gave me good service, or so I thought, but it seems it was all an act. Foul creatures, as it's said. And true enough they're foul inside and out. I'm sorry to disappoint you, But whatever you've come here to do, I'm afraid Castle Morne won't hold much longer. Take this, by way of apology.
Now then, away with you. You've no reason to risk your neck dawdling here, eh.
I see, from Irina... Thank you. I'm in your debt. But I can't leave yet. Even if the castle should fall, as commander, I must remain. To ensure the treasured sword of Morne does not fall into the wrong hands.
If you see Irina, do tell her. That her father will come for her, once he's fulfilled his duty.
I'm in your debt. For keeping the sword from those fallen creatures. I'm no longer bound by duty. Once I've rescued Irina, I will spend my remaining days with her.
Thanks to you, I will be reunited with Irina. And devote my remaining days to her. Irina has a gentle nature, though. I only hope it remains intact.
Irina... How could this be… My daughter deserved better… The fault lies...with me. I chose duty over my daughter's safety. And that is how fate has answered…
I'll find them. The foul wretches responsible for this. I'll hunt them down, and exterminate every last one of them. Rest assured, Irina. It will be done.
Ugh!
What's this about? We need not fight, I assure you.
I haven't a clue what's got into you, but as Lord of this castle, I will stand for it no longer!
And now even your ilk have complicated matters.
Please, enlighten me. What was the purpose of such folly?
Please forgive me, Lord Godrick.
No, not here, not yet… Forgive me, Iri…na…
Ugh!
What's the matter? Cease this at once.
Ah, now I see! You had a hand in Irina's undoing! What could she have done to deserve that?
I will not rest until they are eliminated.
Forgive me, Irina… I will join you soon enough…
