There's no mistake, is there? Death has left its mark once again. I'm sorry, I cannot give you your proper rites... But at least you did not join Those Who Live in Death. Your soul will return to the Erdtree, in time. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver this spirit.
Ah, a Tarnished, are you? I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot. Heed my warning. The village here has been touched by Death. And worse yet, it is home to a mariner. If you value your life, then go no further.
The village here has been touched by Death. Turn back, while you still can.
Another fool who won't listen to reason, eh? But with a prowess for weeding Deathroot. ... How would you like to earn the strength of beasts? If you're inclined to hunt more of Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot, then I'll introduce you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman. I have a matter of my own to attend to. And the beast himself wishes for someone to take my place. What say you?
Very well. Show me your map. ... I've marked the location for you. Of a hidden gateway. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman.
I have a matter of my own to attend to. I spotted the mark of the centipede here in the village. An ill-omened symbol that should not be. Someone, or something, threatens the sanctity of the Golden Order. And must be eradicated.
What is it? Still milling about? The map indicates where the gateway is hidden. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman.
Well, all right, then. No sense in forcing you.
What now? Had a change of heart?
Ah, a Tarnished, are you? With a prowess for weeding Deathroot. ... I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot. How would you like to earn the strength of beasts? If you're inclined to hunt more of Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot, then I'll introduce you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman. I have a matter of my own to attend to. And the beast himself wishes for someone to take my place.
Ha! Prince of Death, take a good long look! See the wrath of the Golden Order! The Order's justice, writ in blood! This is what's become of your precious witch! Naught but expired meat and bone! This is a proper death, O Prince! Look at this rotten whore. No more children can be got from this useless flesh! Behold, your mother is dead! Heh heh heh heh... This is revenge, you witch! And you, you ghoul! This is the wrath of D!
Ah. Hello. The rotten witch is dead. The Golden Order, unsullied. Now I can look my brother Darian in the eye. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver my spirit.
Darian, now I have no regrets. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver my spirit.
<sleeping>
Ah, aah... D-da...ri... Ngh...nnngh...
Ah, mm... Y-You... I require the sword...and raiment...of D... I require the sword...of D... For revenge... For the wrath...of D...
Yeeesss... YESSS! Soon you will know, filthy witch... Soon you will know... Vengeance for Darian. The wrath of D...
I don't believe we've met. I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot. Heed my warning. Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number. Unless you wish to lay down your life in vain.
Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number.
Ah...we meet again. I'm glad you took my warning to heart. Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number.
Well, well... Another fool who won't listen to reason, eh? But with a prowess for weeding Deathroot. With a prowess for weeding Deathroot. ... How would you like to earn the strength of beasts? If you're inclined to hunt more of Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot, then I'll introduce you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman. I have a matter of my own to attend to. And the beast himself wishes for someone to take my place.
What say you?
Very well. Show me your map. ... I've marked the location for you. Of a hidden gateway. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman.
I have a matter of my own to attend to. I've spotted the mark of the centipede. An ill-omened symbol that should not be. Someone, or something, threatens the sanctity of the Golden Order. And must be eradicated.
What is it? Still milling about? The map indicates where the gateway is hidden. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman.
Well, all right, then. No sense in forcing you.
What's wrong? Got cold feet, have you?
You've met Gurranq, I take it? Then owing to our duties shared, we are now comrades-in-arms. I think you've earned this. The power of the Golden Order, to aid the hunt of Those Who Live in Death.
Did you need something else?
Ah, hello there. What can I do for you?
Ah, hello. You've been busy weeding Deathroot, I take it. I thank you, as your brother-in-arms. So what can I do for you?
Ah, hello again. You haven't gone to see Gurranq yet, have you? Well, no rush. You do as you please. Just as long as he doesn't starve to death, eh.
Go to Gurranq only if you feel the time is right. Killing Those Who Live in Death and weeding their Deathroot... Is a path not to be trod without ample resolve.
I serve the Golden Order. That I might put this crooked land to rights. Following only the guidance of the great Elden Ring. Those Who Live in Death fall outside the principles of the Golden Order. Their mere existence sullies the guidance of gold. Tainting its truth. And so it is the vermin must be exterminated... Down to the very last.
Are you acquainted with a man named Rogier? You know, the piteous fellow hiding away on the balcony? He was a formidable spellblade, in times past. Don't let his easy air deceive you. He was wise beyond his years, stout of heart and clear of mind. No more though. You see him now, ravaged by thorns, muttering and rambling... Like he's half dead already. I can't stomach to watch. Take well the lesson, friend. That's how you end up, when seduced by Those Who Live in Death. When grace is sullied, it rots people from the inside. Breaks them.
Well, what have we here? How did you get your hands on that dagger? ... Well. That hardly matters. I know very well whose dagger it is. Why don't I return it to them for you? Good work, bringing this to me.
<wince> Don't you dare. Unless you want to die like a dog?
Very well. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver this spirit.
I swear, there's a blight spreading amongst the Tarnished.
How could this...happen...? Forgive me, Devin... D-Devin...
Oof! What's the meaning of this? Has she bewitched you?
Very well. Then you are a blight. A defiler of the Golden Order, and murderer of my brother! Die! Die! Die! I'll grind your corpse into that vile wench's rotting remains. A witch's eternal embrace, just as you wished!
You defiled cretin. My brother is now avenged!
How could this... Forgive me, Darian... D-Darian...
