Are you that new Tarnished? You've done well. I am Enia, the Finger Reader. I interpret the words of the Fingers, envoys to the Greater Will. Look there. The Fingers tremble. To welcome you, shardbearer. Let their wisdom wash over you. "Great Elden Ring, root of the Golden Order." "Anchor of all lands, giver of grace, wellspring of all joy." "Until it was shattered." "The tragic corruption of the Order has taken its toll." "Across the realm, life lies in ruin. Fallen to pieces."
Ahh, Great Runes are the stuff of demigods; the children of the goddess, Queen Marika. She who is vessel of the Elden Ring. Tainted by the strength of their runes, her children warred, but none could become Elden Lord. And so grace was extended, to your kind, the Tarnished. Listen, the Fingers speak. "The Greater Will has long renounced the demigods." "Tarnished, show no mercy. Have their heads. Take all they have left." "The Fingers have willed it so." ...Indeed. But remember one thing. The demigods are each and all the direct offspring of Queen Marika.
Godrick the Grafted was but a distant relation... The runt of the litter, his divine blood sorely diluted.
Well, well… I see… A remembrance of gold has found its way into your possession. Demigods, and even the greater of the champions, are hewn by the Erdtree upon their end, into remembrances. They are…valuable indeed. These remembrances yet house the power of their former masters. And should you wish to wield that same power, well… I will lend you the strength of the Fingers. Heh… Do not recoil from my offer. The Fingers guide us all. And you Tarnished, you are here to take, are you not?
Ah. You have returned. What is it?
Now, go forth. Let the words of the Fingers guide you.
I had my doubts, but...my, look at you. Only once before have I seen two Great Runes together. Look there. The Fingers shudder with exuberance. "Fine work, brave Tarnished. The Greater Will is pleased." "You have earned the right to become Elden Lord." "Now, seek the Erdtree, and an audience with Queen Marika." "To become Elden Lord, and restore the Golden Order." The Fingers expect... As much from you as they do young Gideon. Take this. A token of farewell.
Now, go forth. Become Elden Lord.
Queen Marika is the vessel of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision. A god, in truth. But after the Elden Ring's shattering, she was imprisoned in the Erdtree. A grim punishment for shattering the Order, despite her godhood. The Fingers speak... "Marika's trespass demanded a heavy sentence." "But even in shackles, she remains a god, and the vision's vessel." "Confer Great Runes to become Elden Lord, and join Queen Marika as her consort." "The Fingers have willed it so." Now, you may go.
Well, you managed to return. You know what this means. The Erdtree has spurned you. The Fingers remain still. Shaken by this turn of events, they are busy consulting the Greater Will. When they are finished, the Fingers will again offer their guidance. But thousands, if not tens of thousands, of moons must first pass. No matter for me. But you? How will you ever manage the wait... My, oh, my...
It may be thousands upon thousands of moons before the fingers again offer their guidance. My, oh, my. Whatever will you do…
Heavens forbid... That is not the domain of mere men. The burning of the Erdtree is the first cardinal sin. And you say you seek the power of the Rune of Death, too? The Rune of Death goes by two names; the other is Destined Death. The forbidden shadow, plucked from the Golden Order upon its creation… Unleashing the rune now would be unthinkable... The Fingers would never permit it. Nor would the Greater Will. ... ... But here we are...
The Fingers, dormant, severing our link to the Greater Will. The realm, and all life, in ruins. Impossible events transpire, beyond the ken of the Fingers. Who is to say that the cardinal sin must be cardinal forever? Go on. Finish the job. Take the course you deem most worthy.
You must find kindling. Only the smoldering flame in the Great Forge of the Giants, on the highest peak in the Lands Between, can burn the Erdtree. But special kindling is required to reignite the flame. For the flame to burn the Erdtree, a sacrifice is needed. Of one who envisions the flame. And can lead you to the Rune of Death.
You've done it, I see. What use do you have for me, now? I am a Finger Reader. I will remain here, until their dialogue ends, and the Fingers speak again. Do as you please. Take whatever course seems most worthy to you. Now, you may go.
Heh, heh, heh. You'd force this tired old crone to work, even now? A harder taskmaster have I never met.
Don't worry, my dear. I'll see it to the end with you, if it please.
Now, go forth. Do what you believe is right.
Oh, such a fine gift, I will gladly accept. But don't raise your hopes; I have no secrets for you to plunder. I lost my appetite for them a lifetime ago, or more.
<sleeping>
