A proper death means returning to the Erdtree. Have patience. Until the time comes...and the roots call to you. ...
The mausoleum prowls. Cradling the soulless demigod. O Marika, Queen Eternal. He is your unwanted child. ...
O Sapling! Sweet sapling of glorious gold. Has your crystal teardrop ripened? ...
Unthinkable. Our hallowed resting place is violated. To refuse the Erdtree's call to return, to live within Death... Sickening. ...
The demi-humans wax wroth, now their mother's been taken... Where are you, Lord Kenneth? The knight...bedeviled by blood. ...
Please, help me. I'm of noble blood. If those hideous mongrels eat me, I'll be forever marred... Anything but that, please! Think of the disgrace! ...
All I wanted was to fight. To fight, as a warrior, to the last... So, why? Why, O guidance of grace, will this door not open? ...
This village is done for. Please, even if it's just you, old Albus, hide well and still your breath.
Come out, one and all, from the darkness underground. And let us offer unto the maiden our eyes. ...
Ahh, the poor fellow...gone perfectly mad. Love...revenge...the frenzied flame melts it all away... ...
Eek...! The wretched fools... They'll never find me. Heh heh... I'll survive, I swear it. I'll soon be back at the Volcano Manor.
He is returned! The Lord has returned at long last. Our very first lord, to brandish the Elden Ring once more... ...
One day, we'll return together. To our home, bathed in rays of gold. There is only one tree, and only its branches. That bathe in true rays of gold. Not the fool Omen King. Nor the rank malformed twins. O, we are the Golden Ones. The true and rightful heirs. Our land's grown old, now ashen, and cold. But look up, the Erdtree glows! Is there still a place for us? In our home, bathed in rays of gold. They will always welcome us. To our home, bathed in rays of gold.
Erdtree, O Golden Circle. Grant us the droplets of life, Structure us. Reveal our path. We are your guardians. We swat at flies, snuff out flame, Repel the Omen, and undo Tarnish. Blessed we, at your side, eternal. Blessed we, at your side, on this journey. Serve you we shall, in life, eternal.
<battlefield warcry - rallying his own spirit by shouting the name of his home: "For Kaiden!" etc.>
Agheel, oh, Agheel... Feral flame of Agheel, burn true...
Whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah. We journey on a road so far, Death's fortune's what we seek. Coffin in tow, we'll find a hero And scraps of his great deeds! Whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah. Who rode along this road before? He did, but won't anymore. Whoah, whoah, whoah, woah. He did, but won't anymore.
<Incoherent rambling> <Pathetic nonverbal wail that seems to suggest "Stop! Just go away!"> <Pathetic nonverbal wail when he suddenly notices a stranger nearby>
Erdtree, O Golden Circle. Grant us the droplets of life, Structure us. Reveal our path. We are your guardians. We swat at flies, snuff out flame, Repel the Omen, and undo Tarnish. Blessed we, at your side, eternal. Blessed we, at your side, on this journey. Serve you we shall, in life, eternal.
<Incoherent rambling. Very quiet, but sounds acutely irritated and on the verge of breaking out in madness.> <The wings of a fly reverberate inside his headpiece, and it becomes too much to tolerate - he makes this sound as his psyche snaps.>
<Sound of swinging a giant pickaxe. A slow swing with much weight. Several versions.> <A shout as he holds his pickaxe high, mustering strength. Several versions.> <Loud snoring as he sleeps.>
<A roar as he releases the all the strength that he was holding inside. A growly warcry.> <He screams to intimidate his foe as he draws his sword.> <A shout as he holds his sword high, mustering strength: whoaahhh! Etc.> <Feeling bored and exhausted, his jaw drops open and this sound emanates from deep down his throat. It is a low bellowing that can be heard echoing around the vicinity.> <Loud snoring as he sleeps.>
Blessed Erdtree... O hallowed Runes...
<Invigorating shouts for repeated rapier thrusts. Sharply enunciated, suggesting proper training.>
