Good Lord! Good God of Vengeance! Till grudges soak the lands!
Oh... I see, you're Tarnished. I am Guilbert. A Redeemer of vengeance. In all its forms.
By the way... Have you heard of the crucible knights? There's one by the name of Ordovis, and I must find him. He's an old hero of the Shattering, but there's a grudge out against him. The Lands Between are brimming with those who cannot die. It makes for a cesspool of vengeance. ...Gives me a shiver just thinking about it...
These fellows? Who knows, just some lads who did someone wrong. They got what was coming, nothing more. If you're intent on revenge, pray to the God of Vengeance. You'll have yourself a corpse in no time.
You're Tarnished. Then you're here to fight, aren't you? For the Elden Ring. Well, there's something you ought to know. There's an aberration of a blacksmith past the checkpoint that leads to Stormveil. He doesn't seem to think much of anyone or anything, but oddly, he's willing to smith weapons for Tarnished. He has a fine arm. Have him take a crack at your goods. ...The question for me, of course, is whether he's in need of any vengeance...
In the Lands Between, everyone lives longer than they should. They may go mad, but even so, they plead to the God of Vengeance. That's why I'm here. To exact revenge for those who can't do it themselves. Like someone did for me, when I...when I was but a tyke.
Oh, there you are... It must have been a dream. Strange. I was fighting at your side. Against Ordovis of the Crucible. It was a revenge so sweet, fit to serve the very God of Vengeance. Heh... Maybe you're meant to be a Redeemer, as well...
I was fighting at your side. Against Ordovis, the Crucible Knight.
Ah, you... Did you defeat Ordovis of the Crucible? I could sense it. The God of Vengeance surely smiled upon that battle. Heh... Maybe you're meant to be a Redeemer too...
Did you defeat Ordovis, the Crucible Knight.
Alright, then. I'm off to Stormveil Castle. Lord Godrick has kept busy with his grafting... Slicing off arms like harvesting ears of wheat. He's run up a mighty debt in blood. A demigod, yes, he may be... But no one escapes a Redeemer.
I was thinking... Godrick must have an idea. About the vengeance sought by General Radahn, to whom I swore my oath. ...Yes, Godrick's corpse will know what to do...
Godrick must know.
That of all the grudges born of the Shattering, Malenia the Rotted is the object of the most profound.
Ahh, my head is throbbing, everything is bright red... Master Radahn, is this how it feels to ferment with vengeance? I can hardly keep from trembling...
Well, well, you've made yourself a target of vengeance. Perhaps this, too, was meant to be. Prepare to become an offering. Trust me, you'll rest easier as a corpse.
Hello there, I don't believe we've met. I'm afraid you've made yourself the object of somebody's ire. As a Redeemer, I'm bound to exact revenge. Prepare to become an offering. Trust me, you'll rest easier as a corpse.
Whoah, what're you playing at? (OKテイク, v303902000_ALT_3) What're you playing at?
Not too sharp, are you? If you want to die, ask someone else.
Let it be known. Wherever vengeance must be had, a Redeemer there will be...
Oh, my Lord. Good God of Vengeance! Till grudges soak the lands...
Don't you see now? There is no escape from a Redeemer.
Death ought to be earned. What am I to make of this?
Didn't I tell you before? No one escapes a Redeemer. Prepare to become an offering, once and for all. Trust me, you'll rest easier as a corpse.
