Hello? Is somebody there? Might I bend your ear for a moment, please. My name is Irina. I've escaped from Castle Morne, to the south. The servants there...have rebelled. I-I can't be sure what it is; my eyesight's been weak since birth you see... But I swear I heard frightful howling from all over. My good father secreted me out the castle, but decided himself to stay. He says it's his duty, as commander.
I understand. I fear some of the castle's servants are still prowling nearby. Do take care on the road. I pray your journey comes to fruition. And if you happen to change your mind... Please come to see me again.
Hello? Is somebody there? Ah, you're the one from before, aren't you? Please, I implore you. Would you mind taking a letter to my father, at the castle? My sole wish is that he escape, even if his honour should be the price. Please...I just need him to be safe...
Thank you, dearly. Then please, take this. ... Deliver it to my father, who remains in the castle, if you please.
Please, if you wouldn't mind. Deliver the letter to my father at the castle. He can be stubborn, but I'm sure he'll come around.
I...I fear for father's life. The servants are full wroth. Filled with hatred for every one of us. They've since come for every one of the companions I escaped with. They haven't spared a soul. I fear it's no different at Castle Morne... Please, I implore you. Would you mind taking a letter to my father, at the castle? My sole wish is that he escape, even if his honour should be the price. Please...I just want him to be safe...
Hello? Is someone there? My name is Hyetta, and I'm journeying in search of the distant light. If I might be so bold as to ask... Would you donate any Shabriri grapes in your possession to me? My eyesight has been weak since birth, you see. I can't tell which way I'm supposed to go next. But when I eat one of those grapes, I can feel a distant light in the back of my eyes. It will lead me, to my true duty, as a Finger Maiden.
Hello? Is someone there? Would you donate any Shabriri grapes in your possession to me? I'm on a pilgrimage in search of the distant light. And when I eat one of those grapes, I can feel the light in the back of my eyes.
Oh, many thanks to you. Now I can feel the distant light once more. You are most kind, indeed. May the blessing of the Fingers be upon you.
You're not like the others who give me grapes, are you... They rest their trembling hands upon me. Howling wordlessly, they gently stroke my eyes. Their frail fingers, emaciated... Yet still, they give me the grapes. But you...seem somehow...firmer.
Oh, many thanks to you. Now I can feel the distant light once more. That aside, I wonder what Shabriri grapes really are? Delectably tender and sweet, yet searing... What a sight they must be to behold.
N-No... That's not possible... Not all of those people... Their own... So those noises I heard were... ... <retching> Sorry... I'm alright now. Don't mind me...
Ah, is that you over there? I've gleaned something very important indeed, thanks to you. The reason why it was eyes I had to eat. The distant light is far and frail. So faint it can't be seen by the naked eye. But with everyone's eyes together, it appears. Finally, it all makes sense. I'm certain now. I will be a Finger Maiden.
You are most kind, indeed. May the blessing of the Fingers be upon you.
You are most kind, indeed. May the blessing of the Fingers be upon you.
I wonder, what are Shabriri grapes? Delectably tender and sweet, yet searing... What a sight they must be to behold.
I apologise. You only did as I asked. I'll be fine. Think no more of it.
I've gleaned something very important indeed, thanks to you. I'm certain now. I will be a Finger Maiden.
Oh hello, is that you over there? Have you ever heard of fingerprint grapes? They're special grapes which only grow on those who've been clasped by the burnt Fingers... I would truly love to try one... The distant light seems far closer than before, But I can't sense a thing from the usual grapes anymore... Please, could you donate a fingerprint grape to me? Without one I don't know, I feel like I might go mad.
Oh, Oh! A fingerprint grape, tried and true, what a wondrous thing! A fingerprint grape! Ohh, how sweet, yet, how it burns... Thank you. I've composed myself again. May the blessing of the Fingers be upon you.
Oh, that's right. ...Might I ask a boon of you? Look after this for me, if you please. It's been so long, I don't know how I came upon it, but I've been looking for its owner. Now I'm to be a Maiden though, it'll never find its way home. Which is why I'd like you to have it. It must be very, very precious indeed.
They're special grapes which only grow on those who've been clasped by the burnt Fingers... Please, could you donate a fingerprint grape to me? Without one I don't know, I feel like I might go mad.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart. I'm sure I'll be a Finger Maiden.
Ah, so you're here as well, are you? ...I realised as we've talked. I'll be a Maiden, and you... Surely, a Lord. Go to the door ahead, after divesting yourself of your possessions. It will surely open, and the Three Fingers will welcome you. May the flame of chaos find purchase within you.
Go to the door ahead, after divesting yourself of your possessions. It will surely open, and the Three Fingers will welcome you.
Ahh, the flame of chaos has nestled within you. Could you please rest your hand upon me? Burn me with the flame, to make me your maiden...
Oh, it burns... My eyes, my eyes, they're melting... Aaargh! ...
Could you please rest your hand upon me? Burn me with the flame, to make me your maiden...
Melt it all away, with the yellow chaos flame. Until all is One again.
Those who gave me grapes howled without words. Saying they wished they were never born. Become their lord. Take their torment, despair. Their affliction. Every sin, every curse. And melt it all away. As the Lord of Chaos. No more fractures. No more birth... ...
Agh!
What's happened to you? Please, you must stop this.
Ah, why on earth? I do not wish to cause anyone harm.
Oh, bless the stars. You've chosen to reconsider.
Father... Please, be safe...
Ahh, the distant light...fades... I'm so sorry, my dears...
