Hello? Is anybody there? Someone who might be interested in rescuing the great Kenneth Haight? Servant to the true Order, and celebrated repudiator of the false! O Erdtree! Grant me succour!
What are you waiting for? A kiss goodbye? My fort lies to the south, beyond the Mistwood. Take it back for me. Oh I see. You wish to know the reward? Fret not, the great Kenneth Haight is known for his considerable largesse. The celebrations will be lavish indeed, upon the dawn of my fort's retrieval.
Hmph, yes, now allow me to furnish you with a little advice. I would take great care to avoid Godrick's Tarnished hunts, were I in your shoes. That depraved lot are obsessed with sacrificing Tarnished like you for the sake of "grafting". Honestly, Godrick's nothing more than a jumped up country bumpkin. Lord? Don't make me laugh. First he hid himself amongst the womenfolk to flee the capital, then hid from Radahn in that castle... Then he insulted Malenia, lost to her in battle, only to lick her boots rather than die like a man. Has he no shame, the big girl's blouse? And to think, he's the blood of Godfrey! Last of the golden lineage, though you almost wouldn't know it to look at him. I almost feel sorry for the chap the more I think of it.
What are you waiting for? A kiss goodbye? My fort lies to the south, beyond the Mistwood. Take it back for me.
Ah, you've come to lend me your aid, have you? Well, that's very kind, but, um... No, no. Th-the help is very much appreciated. Even from a Tarnished. Despite appearances, nobility is no prerequisite to serving the true Order. You might have heard of me. Kenneth Haight. Next in line as the rightful ruler of Limgrave. Young Tarnished, I would have a boon of you. I want you to take back my fort. It lies to the south, beyond the Mistwood. A Knight commander from Stormveil took it. A fool, and plumb mad to boot. Simply obsessed with blood!
Hm? What's this, kind sir? Hm? What's this, fair lady? Remarkable! The Knight Commander, dead. Already! A blessing, if ever I chanced upon one. Fine work, I say, fine work, indeed. I doubt that it was your intention, but the deed is done, and I commend you. Now, this is your reward. Go on, it is yours, for the keeping.
Ah-ha! I've been waiting for you with baited breath! Did you manage to recapture my fort? Oh excellent news, just wonderful. And the knight's dead to boot! Well done my friend, well done indeed! I knew I was right to trust you! Now, here's your reward, as promised. Go ahead, it's all yours.
Right then. Time for me to head to the fort. I've much to do. First I'll have to reestablish communication with the demi-humans. What's that look? You don't believe me? Well, under the Erdtree, commingling with the demi-humans is made possible. Even the vulgar shall not be left behind, under the rule of true Order. Which is why I, Kenneth Haight, next in line as the rightful ruler of Limgrave, have sworn to uphold it. Just you watch, my friend. Just you watch.
Ah, yes. I've been meaning to ask. Would you like to enter my service? I see bright things in your future, stout warrior. Enter into my service and learn the workings of the Erdtree's true Order. And who knows, perhaps some time down the line, the grace of gold will return to those Tarnished eyes of yours. What say you? A fine accord, is it not?
Very well. Very well, indeed. I knew I saw something in you. I shall await you at my fort. We shall hold the ceremony for your knighting there, I think. I see great things ahead of us. We are truly by the Erdtree blessed.
Excuse me? Such foolishness have I never seen! Well...not that I can't sympathise with your choice. Such a miraculous manifestation of felicity is like to startle one such as yourself. Should you change your mind, do visit me at my fort.
What is it? Have you put your misgivings to rest?
Well...not that I can't sympathise with your choice. Such a miraculous manifestation of felicity is like to startle one such as yourself. Oh don't fret, there's no hurry. Should you change your mind, do visit me at my fort.
Why... Why the queen... Now all hope is... (dies)
Ah, you, is it? I suppose you must have seen it by now, yes, the sorry state of my fort? Oh, indeed, it is a foul fate for a land, to be without a ruler. One must be found, with haste. And not that awful Godrick. But a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave.
I am sorry to have lifted your hopes... But I haven't the authority to raise you to knighthood as things stand. The great Kenneth Haight issues his sincerest apology. But now, I must begin my search post-haste. For a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave.
I must begin my search post-haste. For a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave.
Ah, nice to see you after so long. Safe and sound, I take it, yes? Good. Ah, quite. I have indeed selected a new ruler. Lady Nepheli is strong and just. Worthy of the burden of Limgrave's lineage. Such is the sincere opinion of I, Kenneth Haight, no less. For the time being, I share command of the castle with my Lady, but I plan on returning to my fort afterwards. At which time I can fulfil my old promise. By raising you to the glory of knighthood. I hope it is just as wonderful as you imagine.
For the time being, I share command of the castle with my Lady, but I plan on returning to my fort afterwards. At which time I can fulfil my old promise. By raising you to the glory of knighthood. I hope it is just as wonderful as you imagine.
Oof!
Goodness gracious! Calm yourself, this instant! Enough! This is madness!
Blast! You wretched Tarnished! I am Kenneth Haight, and I have seen quite enough!
The madness leaves nothing untouched. I fear for the integrity of the Order...
Where are my...men...? O Erdtree, why have you forsaken me...?
