Ah, hello. You must be new here. I'm... Well, just call me Diallos. The honor of one's house holds little import in these lands. By the way, have you met a young woman named Lanya on your travels? She's my servant, but fickle as the wind. Take your eyes off her for but a moment and she's good as gone. If you find her, please be sure to tell me.
Be sure to tell me if you meet a young woman named Lanya. She's a servant to my house. She's been my companion since childhood. I've lost count of the number of times I've had to find her like this. Honestly, she's such a little tomboy.
Lanya... Lanya... It's me, Diallos. Answer me, would you?
Hello, friend. Tell me if you know, would you. The whereabouts of the hidden house of those despicable fiends. The recusants who hunt their fellow Tarnished. They laid hands upon my servant Lanya, and I refuse to let the insult stand. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood." I, Diallos, swear to deliver the message.
Ah, you again, is it? The recusants sent a lackey. Can you believe they invited me to join them? Now! After what they did... I can scarcely believe it myself. Do they think me a fool? You might be surprised to learn I took them up on the offer. Then I only had to ask. The location of the recusant hideout. It's on Mt. Gelmir, found off the old road that leads west from the town of windmills. That's where they hide. The manor on the peak. Just you wait, wretched recusants. You'll rue the day you insulted my name by laying hands on Lanya.
Who on earth are you? Hmph, never mind. But tell me if you know, would you. The whereabouts of the hidden house of those despicable fiends. The recusants who hunt their fellow Tarnished. They laid hands upon my servant Lanya, and I refuse to let the insult stand. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood." I, Diallos, swear to deliver the message.
They laid hands upon my servant Lanya, and I refuse to let the insult stand. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood." I, Diallos, swear to deliver the message.
It's on Mt. Gelmir, found off the old road that leads west from the town of windmills. That's where they hide. The manor on the peak. Just you wait, wretched recusants. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood" after all.
Ah. Oh... I-it's you, is it? Well. Nice to see you again. So you've been invited as well, I see. Then we're comrades in arms, henceforth. You watch my back, and I'll watch yours, yes?
I, um, I can tell... You're wondering about Lanya... Well, you see, I... After much internal debate, I've come to realise... Revenge is not the answer. According to Lady Tanith... I've got the stuff of champions. And champions, ironic as it is, are oft forced to walk a tainted path. It hit me like a bolt from the blue... That my former thoughts were simple naiveté. Of course, my heart weeps for Lanya.
That unfortunate incident was a cruel twist of fate indeed. But succumbing to the pain and sadness caused won't make me a champion, will it. Lanya knows this, I'm certain. Fate has laid hard roads for us both. But such is true of any road trod by champions.
I always resented these hands. Their pale complexion, a far cry from any warrior's. The shame of House Hoslow. But that won't be the case for long. They'll be darkened by grit, once I've set out on the path of champions. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood" after all.
Ah, it's you, is it. I'm terribly sorry, but would you mind giving me some time to myself? I haven't achieved anything at all thus far. Even though I've dirtied my hands time and time again. I'm still yet to achieve anything. Perhaps I am a fool after all... No. It's worse than that. As things stand I've given up on the path of revenge and sullied the name of my house. What an easy mark I must have been... How did it take me so long to realise, honestly... There's just no end to my foolishness, is there...
It's just as my noble brother says. I'm a complete fool. I can't believe I thought I could become a champion.
Perhaps I am a fool after all... No. It's worse than that. As things stand I've given up on the path of revenge and sullied the name of my house. What an easy mark I must have been...
Well. Aren't you full of beans. No wonder you're covered in muck.
Oh? My friend, it's been far too long. I have to say you caught me at a rather low point. But...as you see, I've put all that behind me. Left the Volcano Manor. Forging my own path now. Making my own choices. Even a fool like me can look after some simple jars. Do you pity me? Well don't. I feel like for the first time in my life I'm on the straight and narrow.
A fool I may be, but I can look after some simple jars. Do you pity me? Well don't. I feel like for the first time in my life I'm on the straight and narrow.
Then all is well... This fool proved his worth, in the end...
Ha...ha ha... I see... I see... I've been a fool...to the last...
Agh! What on earth was that for!
Now I see. You're a wretched recusant! May you rue the day that you thought to trample me! The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood! In blood!
Lanya, your honour has been restored. As a charge of House Hoslow, you can rest easy.
Ha ha...ha... I am the shame of House Hoslow after all...
Ugh! What's the matter? Please, stop! I've no quarrel with the Volcano Manor. I will never brandish a sword again, I swear!
Why on earth...? Wait, you're a poacher, aren't you? I'll turn my back on duty no more. The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood! In blood!
Unharmed, thank the stars.
Ahh, just what I deserve... For absconding from my duties... I'm sorry, my dear jars...
