Foul Tarnished, what do you want? I told the all-hearing brute. That I possess no such medallion. Or have you come to take more from me? Was my other half not enough? I told the bastard in the bone armour.
I told the all-hearing brute already. That I possess no such medallion. Or have you come to take more from me? Was my other half not enough? I told the bastard in bone armour already.
Oh...do you speak true? So old Albus entrusted his medallion to you. ... Then I've no choice. But to trust that this was his dying will. Let's try again. I'm Latenna. An Albinauric, the same as Old Albus. My apologies for my coarse words earlier. I presumed the worst, seeing that you were another Tarnished, like that all-hearing brute. I hope that you will forgive me. I presumed the worst, seeing that you were another Tarnished, like the bastard before.
Mm, the medallion is better off in your hands, anyway. Would you consider doing me a great service? I must go back. There is something that I must do, even if I must say farewell to my wolf, Lobo. Will you show me the way? To the land of Miquella's Haligtree. If you accept, I would gladly apprise you. Of the whereabouts of the medallion's other half.
Thank you kindly. They say the other half of the medallion is beyond the forbidden lands north of the Erdtree. In Castle Sol, on the Mountaintops of the Giants, accessible by the Grand Lift of Rold.
Then I suppose it's time. Farewell, Lobo. My faithful wolf, my better half. I will go with the Tarnished. So that our journey will not have been in vain. Forgive me, Lobo. ...
Call upon me when needed. And I will fight at your side.
Well... I understand. You must have your own duty to fulfil. But please, allow me to say my piece. Even if you cannot take me, old Albus wished I relay to you the following: The other half of the medallion can be found beyond the forbidden lands north of the Erdtree. In Castle Sol, on the Mountaintops of the Giants, accessible by the Grand Lift of Rold.
If you seek the other half of the medallion, they say it's beyond the forbidden lands north of the Erdtree. In Castle Sol, on the Mountaintops of the Giants, accessible by the Grand Lift of Rold.
My thanks... You'll lead me then, to the land of Miquella's Haligtree. Farewell, Lobo. My faithful wolf, my better half. I will go with the Tarnished. So that our journey will not have been in vain. Forgive me, Lobo. ...
Do you hear me? It is I, Latenna. We're almost there. Castle Sol lies just off to the north, where the other medallion is housed. It will grant passage to the land of the Haligtree.
Castle Sol lies just off to the north, where the other medallion is housed. It will grant passage to the land of the Haligtree.
Oh young yet towering sister of ours. Let the birthing droplet in. And create life. For us. For all the Albinaurics.
Thank you. I've finally fulfilled my purpose. Our young yet towering sister will give us hope. Now that nothing is left unfinished, I will join you in battle to the bitter end. And when the fighting is done, then you may lay me to rest. Beside Lobo, my dear wolf. ...
Do you hear me? It is I, Latenna. We have reached the land of Miquella's Haligtree, where Lobo and I began our travels. It's entirely thanks to you that I'm so close to home. These great snow-laden lands stretch far to the north. And beyond the ancient bowers, and the liturgical town of Ordina, lies the place to which I must return.
We have reached the land of Miquella's Haligtree. These great snow-laden lands stretch far to the north. And beyond the ancient bowers, and the liturgical town of Ordina, lies the place to which I must return.
Ngh!
Stop, now. And I'll consider that a simple mishap.
Are all you Tarnished the same? Was taking my other half not enough for you?
There is no meaning in a fight, lest it serve a greater duty.
Ohh...Phillia Take...the birthing...droplet...
