Elden Ring, O, Elden Ring.
Shaper of life, arbiter of fate.
Lord of the very stars above.
Tarnished warrior, spurned by the grace of gold.
Seek that which hath been lost to thee.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
Seek the Elden Ring!
Have you heard of the Finger Maidens? They serve the Two Fingers, offering guidance, and aid, to the Tarnished. But you, I am afraid, are maidenless. I can play the role of maiden. Turning runes into strength. To aid you in your search for the Elden Ring. You need only take me with you. To the foot of the Erdtree.
Then it's settled. Summon me by grace to turn runes into strength. Ahh, another matter. I bequeath to you this ring. Use it to traverse great distances. It will summon a spectral steed named Torrent. Torrent has chosen you. Treat him with respect.
I understand. I'm asking you to put faith in but a stranger. Yet I'm certain that we can reach an understanding. Summon me by grace if you should reconsider.
Have you reconsidered my offer?
Shall I turn your runes to strength? Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.
Phew. It is done.
This tiny golden aura is the grace of the Erdtree. This light once shone in the eyes of your Tarnished brethren. But now it is all that guides you. Or so I hear. You can see them, can't you? The rays of grace, that guide you through your burden.
Me? I'm searching. For my purpose, given to me by my mother inside the Erdtree, long ago. For the reason that I yet live, burned and bodiless. There is something for which I must apologise. I've acted the Finger Maiden, yet can offer no guidance. I am no maiden. My purpose…was long ago lost.
Upon the cliff, in Castle Stormveil, is a shardbearer. A demigod who inherited a fragment of the shattered Elden Ring. If the rays of grace signal the castle, then the Elden Ring beckons you. As an ally by pact, ...I pray that you are fit... To face the challenge presented by the Ring.
Spoken echoes linger here. Words of Queen Marika, who vanished long ago. If you wish, I will share them with you.
Very well. In Marika's own words. My Lord, and thy warriors. I divest each of thee of thy grace. With thine eyes dimmed, ye will be driven from the Lands Between. Ye will wage war in a land afar, where ye will live, and die. Well? Perhaps that might serve you in lieu of a maiden's guidance.
Of course. Perhaps there is no need. Tell me if you should change your mind.
Spoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here, as well. Shall I share them with you?
In Marika's own words. Then, after thy death, I will give back what I once claimed. Return to the Lands Between, wage war, and brandish the Elden Ring. Grow strong in the face of death. Warriors of my lord. Lord Godfrey.
In Marika's own words. The Erdtree governs all. The choice is thine. Become one with the Order. Or divest thyself of it. To wallow at the fringes; a powerless upstart.
In Marika's own words. Hear me, Demigods. My children beloved. Make of thyselves that which ye desire. Be it a Lord. Be it a God. But should ye fail to become aught at all, ye will be forsaken. Amounting only to sacrifices...
In Marika's own words. O Radagon, leal hound of the Golden Order. Thou'rt yet to become me. Thou'rt yet to become a god. Let us be shattered, both. Mine other self.
In Marika's own words. I declare mine intent, to search the depths of the Golden Order. Through understanding of the proper way, our faith, our grace, is increased. Those blissful early days of blind belief are long past. My comrades; why must ye falter?
In Marika's own words. Hark, brave warriors. Hark, my lord Godfrey. We commend your deeds. Guidance hath delivered ye through each ordeal, to the place ye stand. Put the Giants to the sword, and confine the flame atop the mount. Let a new epoch begin. An epoch glistening with life. Brandish the Elden Ring, for the Age of the Erdtree!
Forgive me. I've been...testing you. To see whether or not grace truly does guide you. And...whether you are fit to face the challenge that entails. It seems my worries were unfounded. Torrent had your measure from the very start. Whereas I merely pretended. There is but one other thing I can do to offer you guidance. I can take you to the Roundtable Hold... Gathering place of Tarnished champions, guided by Grace...
Very well. Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.
Forgive me. I've been...testing you. To determine if the Elden Ring would truly have you. If you had the mettle to endure this long and arduous path. It seems my worries were unfounded. Torrent had your measure from the very start. Whereas I merely pretended. There is but one other thing I can do to offer you guidance. I can take you to the Roundtable Hold... Gathering place of Tarnished champions, guided by Grace...
Your seamster, Boc... He is always eager to see your return. Please, will you talk to him, when you can? I'm sure he would be much contented.
Your seamster, Boc... I see him crying, from time to time. I think he misses his mother. He wants someone to tell him he's beautiful. Does being born of a mother... Mean one behaves in such a manner?
The Erdtree...is close. Only a little further till the foot of the Erdtree, and the accord is fulfilled. It takes me back. I was born at the foot of the Erdtree. Where mother gave me my purpose. Though now, everything is lost to me. I...have to ascertain for myself. The reason for which I live, burned and bodiless.
My utmost thanks. For bringing me to the base of the Erdtree. Here, I can govern my own movement. And thus, the accord is fulfilled. I shall depart to ascertain the purpose I was given. Farewell. I shall leave Torrent, and the power to turn runes into strength, here with you. I wish you luck, in realising your ambition. You have fought long and hard. I have no doubt you will become Elden Lord. May you take the throne.
Hello again, old friend. It's me, Melina. Your travelling companion. Allow me a moment to converse with you. You were unable to enter the Erdtree, no? Prevented by the mantle of barbs. The thorns are impenetrable. A husk of the Erdtree's being; that spurns all that exists without. The only way to stand before the Elden Ring... and become the Elden Lord...is to pass the thorns. My purpose serves to aid in that very act.
So I'd like you to undertake a new journey, with me. To the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon the snowy mountaintops of the giants. Then I can set the Erdtree aflame. And guide you. Down the path to becoming Elden Lord.
I wish to journey with you once more. To the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon the snowy mountaintops of the giants. Then I can set the Erdtree aflame. And guide you. Down the path to becoming Elden Lord.
Think not, of the kindling. I shall see to that. All I ask of you is to make the journey. To the snowy mountaintops of the giants, far above the clouds. I know... I'm asking you to commit a cardinal sin. But it must be done to reach the path beyond. And that is the path I wish to travel. What is your mind?
There is something I'd like to say. My purpose was given to me by my mother. But now, I act of my own volition. I have set my heart upon the world that I would have. Regardless of my mother's designs. I won't allow anyone to speak ill of that. Not even you.
We're almost there. The flame of ruin lies just ahead. I'm glad it was you I travelled with. I must tender my thanks to Torrent, too. Thank you, Torrent. Please continue to lend your aid. Till the end.
I have long observed the Lands Between. This world is in dire need of repair... and Death...indiscriminate... Are you prepared... To commit a cardinal sin?
Very well. Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.
Very well. Tell me, when you are fully prepared.
Are you ready to commit a cardinal sin?
If you intend to claim the frenzied flame, I ask that you cease. It is not to be meddled with. It is chaos, devouring life and thought unending. However ruined this world has become, however mired in torment and despair... Life endures. Births continue. There is beauty in that, is there not? If you would become Lord, do not deny this notion. Please, leave the frenzied flame alone.
I shall see to the kindling. It is a purpose which I choose to fulfil. So, please... Leave the frenzied flame alone.
The frenzied flame is not to be meddled with. It is chaos, devouring life and thought unending. So, please... Leave the frenzied flame alone.
I ask you, one more time. Please, seek not the frenzied flame. As one who strives to become a Lord, deny not the lives, the new births of this world. Those who would are not fit to be called Lord. When the land they preside over is lifeless.
Please, put a stop to this madness. The Lord of Frenzied Flame is no lord at all. When the land they preside over is lifeless.
You...have inherited the frenzied flame. A pity. You are no longer fit. Our accord ends here. But remember... Should you rise, as the Lord of Chaos, I will kill you, as sure as night follows day. Such is my duty, for allowing you the strength of runes. Goodbye, my companion. Goodbye, Torrent...
You...have inherited the frenzied flame. A pity. You are no longer fit. Our journey together ends here. And remember... Should you rise as the Lord of Chaos, I will kill you, as sure as night follows day. Such is my duty, for allowing you the strength of runes. Goodbye, my companion. Goodbye, Torrent...
You think this is the one, Torrent?
Is that him, Torrent? Is that her, Torrent?
Don't worry, it's not too late.
He is sure to seek the Elden Ring. She is sure to seek the Elden Ring.
Don't worry Torrent, fortune is on his side. Don't worry Torrent, fortune is on her side.
We found him here, after all. We found her here, after all.
One of his kind is sure to seek the Elden Ring. One of her kind is sure to seek the Elden Ring.
O Erdtree, you shall burn.
Burn, for the sake of the new Lord.
Thank you. For guiding me here.
The one who walks alongside flame,
Shall one day meet the road of Destined Death.
Good-bye.
I hope you will become Lord. Lord of each and all.
Lord of Frenzied Flame...
I will seek you, as far as you may travel...
To deliver you what is yours.
Destined Death.
Young seedling, young seedling.
Return to the bosom of earth.
But remember well,
Thou'rt mine.
So shall I give of myself. This is for thee.
Mine abundance, my drop of dew.
Quench thy thirst, throughout thy frame.
Blossom and burgeon, time and again.
Grow larger, stronger.
Until the day cometh.
When thou canst share in my dream.
Elden Ring, O Elden Ring.
Beget Order most elegant, from my tender reverie.
If thou covetest the throne,
Impress my vision upon thine heart.
In the new world of thy making,
all things will flourish,
whether graceful, or malign.
Greetings.
Traveller from beyond the Fog.
I am Melina.
I offer you an accord.
