You're a Tarnished, I can see it. And I can also see... That you're not after my throat. Then why not purchase a little something? I am Kalé. Purveyor of fine goods.
What is it? Still going to purchase something?
Wait, weren't you...? Well, you're back. Care to buy something?
Ah, it's you again. Always a pleasure. Care to purchase anything?
Good-bye for now.
Good-bye. Nice to do business.
I am of a nomadic people. Selling wares as I travel. The land has been tainted by madness since the shattering of the Elden Ring. It's only Tarnished like yourself who keep things from drying up entirely. Let's say you're a very welcome customer.
You know, if you can spare the runes, you should buy yourself a crafting kit. A crafting kit allows you to make basic items on your own. Essential really, if you intend to survive out here for any duration. The kit costs a bundle, and I admit, I do take my cut. But the important thing is that you survive. Every customer counts, after all.
I'm glad you took my warning to heart. You've made an excellent choice.
There are others of my people who yet survive in these lands. If the mood takes you when you meet one, then offer them some trade, won't you? My people, wanderers all, have long been spurned by the grace of gold. Which is why we cannot settle, but instead are forced into this pitiful, unceasing journey. But thanks to that, things are not so different for us now, though the Elden Ring is shattered. I think this makes us kindred spirits of sorts. Your people, the Tarnished, and mine.
I suppose I shouldn't keep this from you. I'm thinking of moving elsewhere for a time. My people are wanderers all, which I won't deny is one reason... But I've done all I can here, in search of the Great Caravan.
Perhaps you don't need to hear this, but... See that no harm comes to my kin. We have a saying, we wanderers. Lament not your solitude. Expect no sympathy. No regard. Nothing. But if anyone dares harm us, show them no mercy. That is our code, so to speak. Just the way we are. Deeply... unforgiving.
Ah, by the way... Have you heard of the Great Caravan?
The howl of a wolf, in the Mistwood... I suppose he must still be skulking about... Mmm, I know. Why not meet him for yourself? Next time you hear the wolf's howl, make this signal right under the source. Oh, don't fret, there is nothing to fear. I just have an inkling the two of you might hit it off.
Oh, by the way. There's someone you should meet. If you happen to hear a wolf's howl, make this signal under the source.
Oh, then you met Blaidd, did you? Wonderful. I'm glad I pointed you in his direction. He's boorish, blunt, and couldn't find his nose with both hands, but he's a good egg. I think the two of you are sure to find the best in one another.
Ah, good to see you. I knew leaving the sign would be worth the trouble. Thought I'd set up shop here for a time. A pleasure, as ever. Care to purchase anything?
We meet again, I see. It's me, Kalé. Thought I'd set up shop here for a time. Right then. Care to purchase anything?
Have you seen a crow around here by any chance? You know, a burial crow, with a letter fastened to its claw? Well, if you do set eyes upon it, I'll buy that letter from you, no question. I'd give you a generous sum for it, of course.
My thanks. I've been wanting to get my hands on this. And I was willing to pay whatever was needed. Your reward, as promised.
So, about the letter you brought me... It's just as I suspected, it features a cryptogram of my people. And I'm sure it's come from wherever the Great Caravan disappeared to. This could be my chance to get close to it. Thanks to you.
Once I decipher that cryptogram, I'll be packing up shop again. Don't worry, I'll leave a sign that shows where I've gone. With any luck, I'll see you there, eh.
I've always preferred my own company, to that of other people's... And I don't have any burning questions I wish to ask my ancestors... But there's something I need to know. My roots. I want to know who I am. Where I came from. Where I'm headed.
Ah, good to see you. I knew leaving the sign would be worth the trouble. The shop is all set up. A pleasure as ever. Care to purchase anything?
Oh yes, about the cryptogram from the letter... I think it's pointing underneath the capital. I think it's pointing here, underneath the capital. But I'm perplexed as to the path to take down there. Well, the journey can wait, I suppose. I'll settle here for the time being, and start looking into it.
Where...did you find this letter?
I can't imagine how it ended up there... But the well might just lead under the capital. To the spot indicated by the cryptogram from the letter. Seems like an odd place for the Great Caravan... But no amount of thinking will change anything. I'll be heading straight there, after some preparation. Once again, I find myself in your debt. Take this, as a token of my appreciation. It's not from my usual stock, but something rather more special. I hope you can join me at the Great Caravan, in fact. Who knows what wonders there might be to trade?
Ah, you, is it... Did you see? What they did to my ancestors? The whole clan, buried alive. Sick. Maddened. Husks of themselves. Have you heard their moans? They're hardly human anymore. They think we worship the Three Fingers? That we called the maddening sickness down upon them? Well. If that's what they expect from us, then that's what they shall get from us! The world of grace and its people should have been content to see us sink between the cracks. But to have intruded upon our solace... Having broken us upon their whims... I'll never forgive any of you.
I'm sorry, but we won't be trading any longer. And...I think it's time we parted ways. Guided by grace, you seek to become Elden Lord. I don't want anything to do with you Tarnished lot any more.
I should apologise to you. It's my fault that we stumbled into this mess. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but we won't be trading any longer. I think it's time we parted ways.
Wait, what's that? That burn... Your eyes... You've inherited the flame of frenzy! Oh, that's it... That's what I need... To melt away the curses, suffering, and despair. And the Order, entire. The yellow flame of chaos...
Oh, that's it... That's what I need... To melt away the curses, suffering, and despair. And the Order, entire. The yellow flame of chaos...
O Three Fingers, throw wide the door. Please, bestow unto me the yellow flame of chaos. A frenzied flame to melt away the curses, suffering, and despair. And the Order, entire. May chaos take the world. May chaos take the world.
The frenzied flame...burned me... I was not... a suitable home. Unknown warrior... You, who reached the Three Fingers' abyss... Tell the one... Who will become Lord... Divest yourself of everything, and head to the door. Divest yourself of everything... And pray to the Lord... To melt away the curses, suffering, and despair. And the Order, entire. May chaos...take the world.
The frenzied flame...burned me... I was not... a suitable home. Dear Lord, Lord of Chaos... Melt away the curses, suffering, and despair. And the Order, entire. May chaos...take the world. ...
Are you offering that drink to me? Oh, no, what do you take me for? I am an honest merchant of good standing! [pause] Oh, for heaven's sake, I jest. That's a very kind gesture, and I accept. A pleasure as ever, old friend.
Urgh!
What's the matter with you? Have you gone mad?
I knew you for a highwayman all along. Then it's time you learnt a lesson. Our people will not stand for your barbarism!
Is that all you were, mate?
Is this...how it ends? I'll never find...
<takes damage>
So you're just like the others? Another would-be oppressor to my people.
I see. I see how it is! You were one of them all along! Trying to trample us underfoot, you grace-given bastard?
I'll never forgive your kind...
Your kind...will all be razed clean. By the frenzied flame...of chaos...
