Ah...ahh...
Ngh... W-who's there? Well, it matters not. If you are wise, you will leave, immediately. My flesh writhes with scarlet rot. It is a curse. Not to be meddled with by man.
If you are wise, you will leave, immediately. My flesh writhes with scarlet rot.
You ask that I stab myself with the needle... To quell the scarlet rot? But...how? ... Never mind. I've decided. I would rather trust you, than simply continue to spoil from within.
Would you mind...averting your eyes for a moment? Well. That was easier than expected. But...why do I feel so... ...
I...hoped to see you again. My apologies, for when last we met. I fainted before I could even thank you. Everything is as you said. Since inserting the needle, the scarlet rot has ceased to writhe. Even the nightmares have abated... And now, though I can scarcely believe it myself, I can move as I please. Not that I could ever truly repay you, but I would like you to have this, by way of thanks. A token, though it is.
I'm considering leaving. On a journey. With the needle buried in my flesh, I've started to recall, but dimly... My destiny... It's all thanks to you. My name is Millicent. I pray fate permits us meet again.
I'm considering leaving. On a journey. With the needle buried in my flesh, I've started to recall, but dimly... My destiny...
Oh, hello again. Something about this place felt familiar to me. So I decided to pay a visit, hoping to find someone here. But I've only found emptiness. Perhaps before my departure, I needed someone to say farewell to.
Well, never mind that. I must focus on my journey, for which I have you to thank. I must stay strong.
Ah. We meet again. In truth, it's been smooth sailing, for me. The scarlet rot has stilled, since last we met. As such, I've been able to continue my journey. Though rather vexingly, I realise that if I still had my sword arm, I could have aided you in battle.
Now, I'm tracing the path Malenia took, after unleashing the power of the scarlet rot, during her battle with General Radahn, in the Caelid Wilds. I should like to meet her, this vanished woman. I think she's in the north. In the lands that lie beyond the Erdtree.
Are you... Giving me this arm? I thank you. I am in your debt, yet again. I think, If the arm serves well enough, It might be possible for me to wield a sword again.
If the arm serves well enough, It might be possible for me to wield a sword again. Perhaps, then, I can aid you in battle.
Now, I'm tracing the path Malenia took. She's passed into to the lands that lie beyond the Erdtree.
Ah, we meet yet again. The arm you gave me truly is a thing of wonder. It feels just like my own, even handling a sword. Perhaps it is foolish to say this to you of all people, but I am sure of my skill with the sword. Thus, I would have you call upon me in battle again, should you ever have the need.
Ah, we meet yet again. The arm you gave me truly is a thing of wonder. It feels just like my own, even handling a sword. Perhaps it is foolish to say this to you of all people, but I am sure of my skill with the sword. Thus, I would have you call upon me in battle, should you ever have the need.
I would have you call upon me in battle, should you ever have the need. It is the only way that I can express my thanks.
To think we'd meet in such a place... What could your purpose possibly... No, I know well enough who you are, and what I know is good enough for me. Call upon me again in battle, should you have the need.
I'm searching for a fort to the west of the ruins. I'm searching for a fort to the north of the ruins. I heard the master of the fort was given a medallion that allowed him to visit the Haligtree. Indeed, I believe that is where Malenia will be found. The Haligtree is hidden somewhere in these Northern lands.
I'm searching for a fort to the west of the ruins. I'm searching for a fort to the north of the ruins. I heard the master of the fort was given a medallion that allowed him to visit the Haligtree.
Again we meet. I can only surmise our purposes are aligned. In which case, allow me to explain myself. I am of Malenia's blood. But in what capacity I know not. I could be sister, daughter, or an offshoot… Whatever the case though, I am certain of a kinship between us.
There is something I must return to Malenia. The will that was once her own. The dignity, the sense of self, that allowed her to resist the call of the scarlet rot. The pride she abandoned, to meet Radahn's measure.
There is something I must return to Malenia. The will that was once her own. The dignity, the sense of self, that allowed her to resist the call of the scarlet rot.
Oh, hello. Thank you for lending your hand. Without your help, I could not have defeated that quartet. I feel as if I've been in your debt from beginning to end. Thank you. With your help, I was able to live as my own person, if only in passing.
But this is where things end. I pause to even tell you, but... I took out the needle myself. Tell whoever put you up to this. That if I am to flower into something other than myself, I would rather rot into nothingness as I am.
Please, let me pass alone. The scarlet rot writhes now, worse than ever. Soon, I won't be more than a mound of flesh. Curse-laden. Untouchable. I wouldn't want such a thing to bring you harm.
Ugh.
Is there something wrong? Please, cease this at once.
Why are you doing this? Now you've forced my hand.
I will not forget what you did for me. But this day marks our farewell.
I did not imagine it ending like this. But I will not forget what you have done. Thank...you...
Ahh, how could you... Is this your true heart? Was I... was it all...for this?
