Brave Tarnished. Mighty warriors, who fought at my side.
Await the summons. It will call to thee one day.
Heed the fading grace. Listen to the Fingers.
Gold commandeth the very stars,
giving life its fullest brilliance.
Elden Ring, O, Elden Ring.
Be ready, once it is shattered.
Seek the Elden Ring, O Tarnished.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
Become Lord. Enact thy will!
Seek the Elden Ring!
Long ago, ye Tarnished lost something most dear.
The Elden Ring. O Elden Ring.
Its gold commanded the very stars,
giving life its fullest brilliance.
Though shattered, it yet guides thy kin.
Though fractured, it yet guides thy kin.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
Hoarah Roux, the Gold Mask.
Lady Yuliya, the Deathbed Companion.
The hideous Dung Eater.
And Sir Gideon Orphnier, the All-knowing.
Each coveteth the Elden Ring.
But their ambitions are yet unmet.
Surely thou hast thine own design?
Then implore the Two Fingers, for guidance.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
To face the Elden Ring.
To stand before the Elden Ring.
Face the Elden Ring.
And reclaim what was thine.
Elden Ring, O Elden Ring.
Its gold commanded the very stars,
giving life its fullest brilliance.
Shattered, by someone, or something.
Fractured, by someone, or something.
Godrick, the feeble.
Malenia, decayed from birth.
General Radahn, slayer of giants.
Rykard, the tyrannical serpent.
And Morgott, Prince of the Omen.
Each, inheriting their own shard, played a part in the Shattering,
a war with no end, and no victor.
And so the Two Fingers call upon ye, the Tarnished.
To cross the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
To seek the Elden Ring.
Seek the Elden Ring.
The fallen leaves tell a story.
The great Elden Ring was shattered.
In our home, across the fog, the Lands Between.
Now, Queen Marika the Eternal is nowhere to be found,
and in the Night of the Black Knives, Godwyn the Golden was first to perish.
Soon, Marika's offspring, demigods all, claimed the shards of the Elden Ring.
The mad taint of their newfound strength triggered the Shattering.
A war from which no lord arose.
A war leading to abandonment by the Greater Will.
Arise now, ye Tarnished.
Ye dead, who yet live.
The call of long-lost grace speaks to us all.
Hoarah Loux, chieftain of the badlands.
The ever-brilliant Goldmask.
Fia, the Deathbed Companion.
The loathsome Dung Eater.
And Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-knowing.
It happened an age ago.
But when I recall, I see it true.
On a night of wint'ry fog.
The Rune of Death was stolen,
And the demigods began to fall, starting with Godwyn the Golden.
Queen Marika was driven to the brink.
The Elden Ring was broken,
triggering the Shattering, an internecine war between demigods.
The conqueror of the stars, General Radahn.
And the Blade of Miquella, Malenia the Severed.
These two were the mightiest to remain, and locked horns in combat.
But there would be no victor.
And so, we inhabit a fractured world.
Awaiting the arrival of the Elden Lord.
Unless of course, thou shouldst take the crown?
It happened an age ago.
But when I recall, I see it true.
On a night of wint'ry fog.
Bearers of Black Knives stole into the dark.
And the demigods began to fall, starting with Godwyn the Golden.
Queen Marika was driven to the brink.
The Shattering ensued; a war that wrought only darkness.
The Elden Ring was broken, but by whom? And why?
What could the Demigods ever hope to win by warring?
The conqueror of the stars, General Radahn.
And the Blade of Miquella, Malenia the Severed.
These two were the mightiest to remain, and locked horns in combat.
But why was there no victor?
And so, we inhabit a fractured world.
Awaiting the arrival of the Elden Lord.
Unless of course, thou shouldst take the crown?
