Welcome, dear guest. After being out there, it must be quite surprising, to see our capital, cradled by the Erdtree, showered by an eternal wellspring of grace. The sights, the sounds, the luscious scents. Each precisely as they should be. Each eternal.
Oh? I didn't notice that you were Tarnished. ... Now, you mustn't take this the wrong way. But you must leave the capital at once.
It is for your own good, I assure you. All things have their proper place. We, having been chosen by grace, were given this Golden Capital. You, on the other hand, have your own home, which is a far cry from here. So far, in fact, that it cannot be further marred by your touch. The Shattering caused a great many fools to overstep their bounds. Their impudence led to insurgency against Morgott, Lord of Grace. They raised an army, and sought to lay siege to this sacred ground. But do you see where it got them? King Morgott's rule would not be shaken! Their attempt to defile the capital failed, and while we revelled in eternal grace, the traitors were eyed by the grotesque Fell Omen, and their corpses piled high outside the wall!
The lesson here is self-evident. The capital is simply not where you belong.
You mustn't take it the wrong way. But you must leave the capital at once.
Well, what have we here... You hunt Omen, do you? Mm-hmm, yes it appears so... Well, then perhaps we can talk. For a barbarous Tarnished, you see the difference between right and wrong rather clearly. Very well. I permit your stay in the capital for the time being. And in the name of the house of Shanehaight, I beseech you hunt down the foul Omen. The Undercapital is a repository of waste. For ages it's teemed with repulsive Omen. Fiendlings, even, who've never lost a horn. And what's worse, they've taken to bellowing in a most blood-curdling manner. You can hear it all the way up here.
A vile, ceaseless affront to the Erdtree's sanctity.
Get on with it, then. Hunt down the vile Omen scurrying about in the Undercapital, and give us peace from those wretched howls. I know you can do it. Do not dishonour House Shanehaight.
Haven't set off to hunt the Omen yet? Well, you're certainly dragging your heels more than I foresaw. I forgive you. We Shanehaights are known for patience, a virtue amongst the noble.
Haven't set off to hunt the Omen yet? That wretched screeching... I feel as if I could go mad.
Ohh, there you are, pleased to see you. You must've expunged the Omen from the repository. Otherwise their revolting screeches would still be affronting my ears. Well, you've done us a fine service, I must say. The Erdbishops will be very pleased to hear it. No, this is above their station... If I explained that this was all my idea, I could be granted audience with Morgott, Lord of Grace. What a wondrous opportunity. That a viscount as myself might be seen by the Lord of Grace.
Such an honour will place me amongst the most venerated Shanehaights.
Oh, very sorry, I almost forgot about you completely. This Shanehaight heirloom has been held for generations. It is yours now, a reward for your fearless execution of my request.
I'm afraid its worth might be lost on a Tarnished, but... For everything, there is a first. For you, and for House Shanehaight, and its newfound glory.
Now, I need to get myself ready. If fortune favours me, and I am seen by the Lord of Grace, I'd be put to shame if I didn't look my very best.
Kill our lord... He is a stain upon all things golden... Kill Morgott, kingly impostor!
