I see... You must be Ranni's new hireling. I see... You must be Ranni's new girl. Yes, yes, I've heard all about you. I am Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts. I don't know what it is the mistress sees in a provincial Tarnished like you, but since we have the misfortune of serving the same Lady, I ask that you kindly try not to drag us all down with you.
I reside...in another tower, close by. Come and pay me a visit... Should you wish to be of actual service to Mistress Ranni. If it were up to me, I wouldn't waste my time on the likes of you. But who am I to stand against the wishes of my Lady?
Well, well. You took me at my word. Did you not realise I was merely being polite? You provincials never cease to amaze... Hmm, I suppose you're here now. Perhaps I'll give you something to do. I'd like you to find a woman called Nepheli, to administer a potion. Even you can do that much, can't you?
Good, good. Now I shall hand over the potion in question. Find Nepheli, and ensure she drinks it. I expect glad tidings. And soon.
I see... What a wretched bunch you Tarnished are. Do you understand? I've given you a very fine chance. If you complete this simple task, I will graciously permit you to learn from me. Even you wish to serve our Lady well, do you not? Turn those little cogs upstairs, and return with the correct answer.
Have you fumbled out the correct answer now? Then you will undertake my task?
I could have sworn I told you to trouble me no more... Are you here to tender your sincere apology, and undertake my task?
Good, good. As a man of abundant charity, I accept your apology. Now I shall hand over the potion in question. Find Nepheli, and ensure she drinks it. I expect glad tidings. And soon.
I've no time for idle chit chat. The only thing I will hear from you is a report of your task's completion. Are we understood? Then off you trot. I have enough on my plate.
Ahh, so you made Nepheli drink the potion? Well done. You are a touch more useful than I had thought. Well done. You are a slight more useful than I had thought. Very well. Then you shall have your gift. Knowledge of the sorcerous arts, under the tutelage of the great Preceptor Seluvis. I doubt much of it will lay within the grasp of a mere Tarnished, but... If you put your mind to it, perhaps you won't embarrass our Lady.
You wish to begin right this moment? Well, your impatience, though boorish, is understandable. Let's have at it.
Begging for another lesson so soon? There remains much to be done. Make it quick.
Come now, the pretence of comprehension becomes you not. Bend over backwards any further and you're apt to break.
Well, well. You're asking me about that, are you? The task was left to you and the mongrel, was it not? Not only are you incompetent, but shameless to boot. Well...there's no helping it. Now's as good a time as any. I'll let you in on it. There's a glintstone sorcerer by the name of Sellen in Limgrave. She owes me for the help I gave her when she was expelled from the academy. I asked her to look into the matter some time ago. I'll write you a letter of introduction. Go ask her.
So, you had Nepheli drink the potion? Truly? Hmm. Then perhaps something was amiss with it. It's concocted from the finest ingredients. But perhaps I should review the recipe. I may have expected too much of her, to begin with.
You break into a man's private chambers, rooting about as you please? Your oafishness knows no bounds. Fine and well. You tricked Nepheli, and had her drink the potion. I believe that makes you my accomplice. You yearn for a puppet of your own, hmm? Well, normally one of your stature would never be allowed. But perhaps I can make a very special exception. Now, choose.
Ah, I knew you'd see things my way. You knew you were already my accomplice, and as such... You wanted one for yourself, hmm? A puppet, to cherish. Oh I can see right through you. That's just the kind of man you are. Oh I can see right through you. That's just the kind of woman you are. Well, it's been some time since a pupil of mine last walked this road. To mark the occasion, I shall grant you the puppet you so desire. Now, choose.
Well, this is a surprise. But aren't we forgetting something? The tipple you fooled Nepheli into drinking, yes, my little draught. You are already my accomplice. Are you ready to change your mind, now? It's no sin, pining for a puppet to cherish.
Now, hand it over, and don't make a fuss. Nothing bad will happen. I'll even consider giving you a puppet of your own.
I thought I told you never to show your face again. Have you decided to return what's mine, and proffer a sincere apology?
Good, good. As a man of abundant charity, I accept your apology. And well, you finally realised, did you? All you really wanted was a puppet to cherish. To fill that hole deep in your heart. Oh I can see right through you. That's just the kind of man you are. Oh I can see right through you. That's just the kind of woman you are. Well, it's been some time since a pupil of mine last walked this road. To mark the occasion, I shall grant you the puppet you so desire. Now, choose.
How's the puppet I gave you? A thing of exquisite craft, is it not?
What's that? You want another puppet? Quite the keen paramour, aren't we. Well, aren't you a woman of many passions. But, I'm afraid each and every one is like a child to me. I can hardly just give them away. Oh dear, what's to be done? Why don't you...fetch me some starlight shards? It's no mere booze, but a refined old drink of amber hue. If you can manage it, I'll gladly prepare a new puppet for you. The soul of every puppet has its own ambience. You'll soon come to know, once you possess a few. And once each's predilections are known to you, the better you'll be able to love them.
Oh yes, you have much to look forward to, further down this road.
You're proving to be quite the puppeteer. I've not had an apprentice for…a very long time indeed.
Perhaps, you'd be interested in a little scheme of mine? It will produce the finest of puppets. Which I aspire to cherish with these very hands. A ploy to fool even Lady Ranni... How does that sound?
Ahh, I knew I had you pegged. Heh. I knew I had you pegged. You're just like me. Then I'd like you to procure something. A rather unique starlight shard that glistens with amber. With that, my special draught will gleam with nectar-sweetness. And even a demigod would be slave to its charms... Procure it for me. The rather unique starlight shard that glistens with amber. With that, my special draught will gleam with nectar-sweetness. And even a demigod would be slave to its charms...
Very good. A wise choice, indeed. You passed my little test with flying colours. I was merely gauging your loyalty to Lady Ranni. Well done, I'm very proud of you. Let's both do our utmost in service of our Lady.
Ah ha. Might you be interested after all? In a fine scheme to sport with Lady Ranni?
Alright, enough of these games. Your test is well and truly over. Wag your tail for master all you like, but your loyalty is merely blind. I fear your wretched provinciality is apt to burst. You're oozing at the seams.
Well, well, you managed to lay your hands on it! The blessed day is finally upon us... Goodness gracious, the way it glistens...utterly enchanting. To think, this was once a demigod's very fate... My oh my oh my...
Ah, are you still here? Oh yes, I should give you your reward. Please, it's all yours. Splendid work. Just marvellous. Now, just you wait. The merriment is soon to begin. The scheme I promised is to be revealed very shortly...
Good, I've been waiting for you. It's finally complete. The perfection of my draught, gleaming nectar-sweet. Give it to Ranni and ensure she drinks it. The dead-eyed doll lets down her guard in your presence, rather remarkably. Though she might dip her hands in the dirt, and feign that icy persona…she's a frail, gentle girl at heart. Though she might dip her hands in the dirt, and feign that icy persona...she's still just a feeble, pampered little girl when it comes down to it. Which is why you're the only one for the job. Now do it. Make Ranni drink my draught.
You...understand, don't you? That once you have Ranni drink my draught, my scheme will come to fruition. And we, well, we'll be in a position to claim the very finest puppet ever crafted. Just imagine...the pure elation...
Come now, don't make me wait. I can barely contain myself as it is...
You'll be flabbergasted, I can assure you. The scheme I promised is to be revealed very shortly...
Hmm. Is that a scroll? I won't bother to ask where you pilfered it, but... You're correct to assume I'm one of the few who can decipher it. So, I'm perfectly happy to take it off your hands. That said, don't you dare get your hopes up. More often than not, new knowledge is merely an opportunity to reflect… …upon the mediocrity of one's intellect.
Oh, perhaps you've already noticed. The nightly wolf howling that's been disturbing the peace here. If that bothersome mutt, Blaidd, is back in town, then tell him to pack up and ship out. I never liked the din of a dog's howl. From a mongrel like him, it's simply agony.
Well, what have we here? Are you proposing that I partake? Do I appear such a gormless tomfool to you? A slow-wit who'd divulge his secrets for a moment of bliss? Well, let me give you some advice. Scheming has its place, but consider the one you're scheming against. You might find yourself on the wrong end of a proper beating one day.
O-oh! Y-you! I, er, sorry, your worship... Y-you! I, er, sorry, madam... I-I apologise for any offence given. I am Pidia. Servant to the Carian royal family. I am charged with maintaining these g-ghastly dolls.
Ahh, your worship, allow me to be of use. Ahh, kind madam, allow me to be of use. Other than the puppets, there are some very fine things up here in this storeroom. Why not pick something out, before you go? But please, can you offer poor ill-starred Pidia... A little something by way of compensation?
Ah, a fine day to your worship. Ah, kind madam, a fine day to y-you. Please, choose whatever you like.
Ah, I'm sorry your worship, but poor Pidia has given all he has. Ah, I'm sorry kind madam, but poor Pidia has given all he has. I can't be of further use to you. Please, forgive me.
Please, find it in your heart... Forgive me...
Argh! Arrgh! S-stop, please, stop! Y-you're my puppets! I loved you with all I have! How could you forget...such bliss? Ouch! That hurts! Please, I beg you, cease this cruelty! Eeek Eeeeeeek!
Oh, that's very kind. Poor Pidia could never accept such a precious brew. Very sorry, really, if I... I've disappointed you, If you will, please forget this matter entirely.
Agh!
Enough of that, now. Have you forgotten that we both serve the same Lady?
You incorrigible lout. Don't you dare waltz back here ever again. ...
