A pleasure to meet thee, Tarnished. I am the witch Renna. I'd heard tell of a Tarnished hurtling about atop a spectral steed. And upon looking into the matter, the talk, I surmise, is of thee. Thou'rt possessed of the power, no? To call forth the spectral steed named Torrent.
Ah. As I had hoped. I was entrusted this, for thee. By Torrent's former master. Tis a bell for calling forth spirits. Summon them with it, from ash unreturned to the Erdtree. The spirits will obey thine command but briefly, as they recall battles past. Now it is thine. To do with as thou wishest.
Forgive mine intrusion, Tarnished. I doubt we shall again meet. But all the same, learn well the Lands Between. How long will it be, I wonder... Before the Tarnished tire of obeisance to the Two Fingers? ...
This way, Tarnished. May I have a word?
Trifle not with me, Tarnished. Or didst thou merely forget? The name of the spectral steed thou callest?
I will ask thee again. Thou'rt possessed of the power, no? To call forth the spectral steed named Torrent.
Quite the stubborn one, aren't we? Wise, in a way. The Lands Between are home to liars and cheats aplenty. Perhaps thine ample mistrust will be to thy benefit. I shall leave this for thee, at the behest of Torrent's former master. Take it, shouldst thou overcome thy suspicion. ...
What hopest thou to profit? ... No sense in arguing, I see. Thou'rt a wild one, indeed. Torrent hath quite the ruffian chosen... ...
Let us speak of the past, a while. I was once an Empyrean. Of the demigods, only I, Miquella, and Malenia could claim that title. Each of us was chosen by our own Two Fingers, as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age. But I would not acquiesce to the Two Fingers. I stole the Rune of Death, slew mine own Empyrean flesh, casting it away. I would not be controlled by that thing. The Two Fingers and I have been cursing each other ever since... And the Baleful Shadows...are their assassins.
Oh, again we cross paths. I believe I said my name was Renna, when last we met. It pleaseth me to see Torrent hale and hearty... But Tarnished, what business hast thou here? I have no memory of inking thee an invitation.
Mm? a Tarnished, here? Thou must have some business in mind, to come all this way. Though I have no memory of inking thee an invitation.
I see. Quite the sleuth, aren't we. Indeed, I am the witch Ranni. I stole a fragment of the Rune of Death, and used it to forge the godslaying black knives through fearsome rite. I did it all. But sadly for thee, the cursemark thou seekest is not to be found here. I have slain the body I was born into, and cast it away. And it is upon that flesh the cursemark is carved.
Hah! And why should I reveal that to thee? I performed the act not to bury the past, nor in shame of the deed, but all the same, thy begging compels me not a jot. The cursemark thou seekest is not here. That is all I will say. Now, begone.
The cursemark thou seekest is not here. That is all I will say. Now, begone.
Oh, is that so? Thou wouldst render me aid, is that thy proposal? Affording thyself opportunity to grope about for the cursemark's location, no doubt? ... Very well... There's nothing wrong with a well-laid scheme. What's more, if my past and past wounds beckon to thee, I am curious enough to see what thy destiny portends... I'll allow it. Enter my service. And good hunting to thee.
Hah! No reason in particular, thou claimest? Intriguing. Then mayhaps fate hath steered thee to this reunion. Intriguing. Then mayhaps fate hath steered thee to this encounter. ... Wilt thou enter into my service? I am the witch Ranni. I stole Death long ago, and search now for the dark path. That I might one day upend the whole of it, and rid the world of all that came before. Well? Has that roused thy interest?
I see. A choice well made. Thou'rt a rare sort. Not many would have accepted the offer. But I require as much of those under my command. I anticipate good work from thee.
I see. More's the pity. Come to me again, shouldst thou change thy heart. Surrendering thyself into the service of a doll-witch... Is not as frightful as thou fearest...
Ah, art thou persuaded to my cause? Then, again I shall ask, wilt thou enter into my service?
Good, then I ask we proceed with haste. There is, in my service, a half-wolven warrior by the name of Blaidd. I would have thee join him in searching for the hidden treasure of Nokron, the Eternal City. I have called for Blaidd to greet thee below. Take from him the particulars. Ah, and there wilt thou find Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, also. Heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst. I am sure the others will be doing just the same.
Speak with the three who await thee below. Thou needst not indulge them unduly, but they too wish to appraise thy worth. It hath been a passing long time since a newcomer entered my service, after all.
Good, then I ask we proceed with haste. Art thou aware of the star that struck Limgrave? It left a vast crater, and through it lieth the Eternal City of Nokron. Go there to find the city's hidden treasure.
Ah, yes. Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, can be found below. Like thee, they are in my service. Heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst. I am sure the others will be doing just the same.
Speak with the three who await thee below. Thou needst not indulge them unduly, but they too wish to appraise thy worth. It hath been a passing long time since a newcomer entered my service, after all.
Ah, allow me to forewarn thee. I shall soon enter my slumber. And it will be some time before I wake. This doll's body is not without its hindrances... Still, I have high hopes for thee. I look forward to the good news when I arise.
I shall soon enter my slumber. And it will be some time before I wake. I have high hopes for thee. I look forward to the good news when I arise.
Ahh...It was thee. Not Blaidd, it seemeth. Even in my slumber, I sensed it. It is in thy possession, is it not? The hidden treasure of Nokron? My thanks. Finally, all the pieces are in place. Soon must I begin my journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.
Ah, but before I leave, I must entrust thee with this. Take it. My discarded flesh lieth beyond the seal unlocked by it. Upon which is carved the cursemark of thy desire. I can fathom what thy purpose might be. Neither of us is welcomed by the brighter path, I see. You may leave now. It was but brief, but thou gavest me fine service.
What is it? Thy purpose in approaching me was to obtain the cursemark, was it not? You may leave now. I, too, am to depart on a journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.
Ah, but before I leave, I shall entrust thee with this. My thanks, for thy sterling efforts. A strange gift, perhaps, but a rare sort such as thee would welcome it, I am sure. I am certain now, fate steered us to our reunion. I am certain now, fate steered us to our first encounter. I must thank Torrent too, for his part. You may leave now. It was but brief, but thou gavest me fine service.
What is it? You may go. I, too, am to depart on a journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.
Perform for me a service, as recompense. Eliminate the Baleful Shadows which prowl these lands. The name of Ranni the Witch is already sullied by thee. I will not brook disobedience in this matter.
Let us speak of the past, a while. I was once an Empyrean. Of the demigods, only I, Miquella, and Malenia could claim that title. Each of us was chosen by our own Two Fingers, as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age. Which is when I received Blaidd. In the form of a vassal tailored for an Empyrean. But I would not acquiesce to the Two Fingers. I stole the Rune of Death, slew mine own Empyrean flesh, casting it away. I would not be controlled by that thing. The Two Fingers and I have been cursing each other ever since... And the Baleful Shadows...are their assassins.
I turned my back on the Two Fingers and we have each been cursing the other since. The Baleful Shadows...are their assassins.
Even when I turned my back upon the Two Fingers. Blaidd remained my loyal ally. Heh. Though he was created a vassal for an Empyrean, He was a colossal failure, on the part of the Two Fingers. Blaidd, and Iji both... Art willing to give too much to me. Yet they both understand. What lieth beyond the dark path... That I must betray everything, and rid the world of what came before. Ah, should I add thee to the list? Another one, kind of heart. As kind of heart as they.
Ach, this form hath loosened my tongue. I've let slip too much. Forget what thou'st heard. Forget.
O Shadow, thou'rt the last. Tell the Two Fingers, That Ranni the Witch cometh, to rend thy flesh. With a fateful wound, ne'er to heal.
Beautifully fought. My thanks. 'Twas more of a challenge than I envisioned. Now I can finally stand before them. This is farewell, my dear. Tell Blaidd, and Iji... I love them.
So, it was thee, who would become my Lord. Perhaps I needn't have warned thee. I am pleased, however. Thou'rt a fitting choice. I go now, to the night sky. It is there I shall find mine order. I bid thee travel the path of the Lord. And once all is done, we shall see each other, once more.
Wouldst thou come to me, even now, my one and only Lord?
Mine will be an order not of gold, but the stars and moon of the chill night. And I would abandon this soil, with mine Order. Wouldst thou come to me, even now, my one and only Lord?
Well, this is a most unpleasant awakening. The depths of wickedness never fail to surprise me. I am saddened. That thou wouldst succumb to such depravity. Led astray by Seluvis, with devious tonic in hand, Didst thou think to have thy way with me? Be gone. Hapless scum. I won't have another whiff of thy rotten breath.
I have spoken. Away from my sight.
This is the third time, fiend. Enough of thy unbearable breath.
What hopest thou to profit? ... To think such was thy plot. Well, I refuse to indulge thy fantasies. I relinquished a natural death long, long ago. ...
What hopest thou to profit? ... Hmph. So, this is the measure of my Lord? Perhaps it is precisely what I deserve. …For surrendering myself to delusion. ...
Ahh, my beloved...
Have no fear, I will hold thee. Patience...
Ye will be countless born, forever and ever.
Ye will be countless, born, forever.
Defiler of mother's rich slumber.
Upon my name as Ranni the Witch, thou wilt not go unpunished.
After death, quite the tale will be thine to tell.
Of the last Queen of Caria, Rennala of the Full Moon.
And the majesty of the night she conjureth.
Ahh, my sweet children...
Have no fear, I will hold thee. Patience...
Ye will be countless born, forever and ever.
Upon my name as Ranni the Witch.
Mother's rich slumber shall not be disturbed by thee.
Foul trespasser.
Send word far and wide.
Of the last Queen of Caria, Rennala of the Full Moon.
And the majesty of the night she conjureth.
I do solemnly swear.
To every living being, and every living soul.
Now cometh the age of the stars.
A thousand year voyage under the wisdom of the Moon.
Here beginneth the chill night that encompasses all, reaching the great beyond.
Into fear, doubt, and loneliness...
As the path stretcheth into darkness...
Well then. Shall we?
My fair consort, eternal.
I do solemnly swear.
To all the hearts that remain in thy thrall.
To all life, and the souls harboured therein.
Now comes the age of the mind.
A thousand year voyage, governed by the wisdom of the Moon.
All shall be encompassed, in a still and silent night, unending. And thought shall turn to fear,
emptiness, life...
And a path stretching into the darkness...
Let us go, together.
My dear consort, eternal.
