Hm. A new face, are you? Well, while you're here. Have you, too, been seduced by the good lady alcohol? Perhaps you've heard of dreambrew, the nectar of the demigods, once forbidden to we mortals? Well, believe it or not, I know just how to make it. And if you were to help me gather its ingredients, I'd gladly share some with you. The Lands Between are no kind place for we Tarnished. And I'm getting too old to keep scavenging corpses on the battlefield...
You'll help me then? Wonderful! Music to my ears. Then take this with you. That, is St. Trina's Crystal Ball. It can be used to take slumber fog from those submerged in deepest sleep, those merry fools sunk so low they will not awaken. Dreambrew, I should say, is a special filtration of slumber fog.
Go ahead and bring me some slumber fog, my compeer. About two should do it, by my reckoning... About three should do it, by my reckoning... About four should do it, by my reckoning... About five should do it, by my reckoning... About six should do it, by my reckoning... And then I'll have enough dreambrew to share. Drink is a wonderful teacher. Imbibe and you will understand; this world's delights, and its futility.
You what? You hardly know what you're missing out on. Well, suit yourself. But I'm sure you'll be after a drink before long. Perhaps you'll tire of this crumbling world... Or maybe you'll wish to uncover someone's deepest, darkest secrets...
What? Taken an interest in the finer things, after all? Like dreambrew, the nectar of the demigods, once forbidden to we mortals? Well, believe it or not, I know just how to make it. And if you were to help me gather its ingredients, I'd gladly share some with you. What do you say?
Ah, I've been eagerly awaiting your return. How did you fare? Find any slumber fog?
Hmm, not quite enough. As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need two doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts. As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need three doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts. As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need four doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts. As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need five doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts. As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need six doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts.
I see, I see. You have what I asked. All splendid fogs of superior quality. Sediment firmly settled, mm. Good work, my compeer. Here's the dreambrew I promised. All yours.
Bring me more slumber fog, my compeer. Do so, and I'll have a bottle of dreambrew with your name on it.
Allow me a little advice, my compeer. Dreambrew is known to drag people's secrets into the daylight. If that's what you seek, rather than the usual fleeting pleasures, Then treat them to some dreambrew. Secrets are like fine wine. The longer they mature in the dark, the richer the flavour... Know that, and all will be as you desire. Friendship, rule, intrigue...
Did you forget something?
Oh, hello there. Have you brought me some more slumber fog?
You certainly have a taste for spirits. I'm sure I'll be seeing a lot more of you.
As you surely know, my compeer, I am but a humble man of the cloth. And I must profess, the study of alcohol is but another form of worship. Oh, St. Trina. My faith is in alcohol, and the hearts of men.
Ah, good to see you. I heard the path to the Haligtree had been reopened. So I forced these old bones to weather the journey. Don't tell me it was you who opened the passage? Nevertheless, it's rather nippy in these lands, eh. But there's nothing like a good drink to warm the cockles...
Did you need something else?
Oh it's, good, good to see you. I think I was about to freeze solid.
You know, a holy personage was once abducted from these lands. Thus I am here in search of clues that might unravel the mystery. The abductor's bloody footprints are said to have disappeared in the Forest of Ancient Bowers. Hm? That's quite a face you're pulling... Need I remind you? Though I am but a humble man of the cloth, each of us has our secrets, my compeer.
You know, a holy personage was once abducted from these lands. Thus I am here in search of clues that might unravel the mystery. The abductor's bloody footprints are said to have disappeared in the Forest of Ancient Bowers.
Finally, I have found it! St. Trina's, no, Lord Miquella's cadaver. I have partaken of untold secrets. Such that I might aid you, O Lord. So please, I hope you can welcome your humble servant Rhico, Into your dream, the world of your heart. Indeed, I beg you grant my wish, That when you transcend from empyrean to god, allow me a place by your side.
I have partaken of untold secrets. Such that I might aid you, O Lord. So please, I hope you can welcome your humble servant Rhico, Into your dream, the world of your heart.
Oh ho, are you asking me to partake? Well, I haven't got a clue what to think. Is this outright impudence? Simple callousness? Or genuine kindness, I wonder? ... Well, what matters it? I'll take some, regardless. You couldn't possibly fathom the secrets I possess, my compeer.
Haven't you Tarnished any respect? For those who came before you.
Well, that knocked the wind out of me. The perfect time to try that special reserve…
You base, facile, uncharitable bastard… You're beyond help, my compeer…
