Oh, this is a rare occasion. I can't remember the last time a new Tarnished made their way to the Roundtable. Very well. As your senior, I bid you welcome. It is safe here. You may let down your guard.
Allow me a word of advice, as your senior. You are a mere visitor to the Roundtable, nothing more. A house guest, yet to earn their keep. Remember your place, newcomer.
There's nothing left to say. Be at your leisure.
What do you need? I have little time to spare.
Oh, are you aggrieved? At the notion you are but a visitant here? Then you would do well to remember the first words of grace given to you. Stand before the Elden Ring, and become the Elden Lord. If those words held any meaning to you... Follow the guidance of grace, lay low the shardbearers, and claim for yourself a Great Rune. Do so, and the doors to the Roundtable's inner chamber will open. And you will receive the wisdom of the Two Fingers.
Once the wisdom of the Two Fingers becomes your own, I'll impart to you a proper welcome. As a true member of the Roundtable. I have high hopes for you. I'm sick and tired of them. These namby-pamby Tarnished think us no more than a shelter from the rain...
We've spoken long enough. I have matters to attend to.
If you haven't anything to say, I would prefer you didn't pester me for attention. Try not to make a spectacle of yourself either. Or are you as irredeemably foolish as you appear?
You've received the wisdom of the Two Fingers, have you not? Then just as promised, I bid you welcome, as a true member of the Roundtable. I am known as Gideon Ofnir. As a Tarnished who wishes to stand before the Elden Ring and become Elden Lord, I am accumulating knowledge. To be all-knowing. You now belong to a select group of fellows. As such, I ask that you remain constant.
You'll be after more Great Runes, now eh? Then as your fellow, allow me to divulge a little knowledge. The inheritors of the Great Runes; the shardbearers. We of the Roundtable know the location of five of them, including the one you defeated. Godrick the Grafted, Lord of Stormveil. General Radahn, who fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds. Praetor Rykard, Lord of the Volcano Manor of Mt. Gelmir. Morgott the Grace-Given, Veiled Monarch and Lord of Leyndell. And Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, ruler of Raya Lucaria's Academy. ...You'll still be after more Great Runes, won't you?
So. Godrick the Grafted, Lord of Stormveil. Despite being the blood of Godfrey, first Elden Lord, he's a grotesque old fool, grasping for power. His castle lies upon the cliff to Limgrave's northwest. ...but I suspect you know that well enough already.
General Radahn, the famed Red Lion and scourge of the stars, is a ferocious warrior. He fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds to Limgrave's east. And now Caelid has been engulfed by the scarlet rot, even approaching the region is no mean feat. I've heard survivors of Radahn's army are still in the wilds, staving off the rot with fire. And if it's true, I suspect Radahn is still there as well, in Caelid. Though I doubt he much resembles his former self anymore...
Praetor Rykard is the Lord of the Volcano Manor on Mt. Gelmir. He is a ruthless justiciar who commands a company of inquisitors, reviled for his serpentine demeanour. The volcano, Mt. Gelmir, lies in the west of the Altus Plateau; the realm of the Erdtree. It was the stage of the most appalling battle in the entirety of the Shattering. Rykard has committed the grave sin of blasphemy. Marking himself as an enemy, never to be forgiven.
Morgott the Grace-Given is Lord of Leyndell, the capital city. It lies at the foot of the Erdtree, in the east of the Altus Plateau. But the Two Fingers forbid us from venturing there. Until we've acquired enough Great Runes to repair the Elden Ring. Set your sights elsewhere for the time being. The Veiled Monarch can wait.
The Academy of Raya Lucaria lies to Limgrave's north, towering over the mist-laden lands of Liurnia. Rennala is the queen of the Carian royals, who govern the academy. But Rennala herself is no demigod. She is merely the recipient of an amber egg, given to her by Radagon, Her beloved, Radagon, left her to become Queen Marika's second husband, taking the title of King Consort. The Great Rune dwells within the amber egg that was Radagon's gift to her.
There are four more demigods yet to be located. Miquella of the Haligtree, the Unalloyed. His twin, Malenia, the undefeated swordswoman. Lunar Princess Ranni, daughter to Rennala. And the one only known as the Lord of Blood. Ranni is said to have cast aside her Great Rune, so here at the Hold, we seek the whereabouts of the remaining three shardbearers. If you should learn anything of these matters, I'll trade your findings for a hidden treasure, or a long-lost rite, known only to me. We both desire to stand before the Elden Ring, and become Elden Lord.
As such, I hope we are compelled to work together.
I'll trade your findings for something rather special.
Ah, you. What is it?
Well...what is it now?
Well. I see you've found another Great Rune. Wonderful. You are a worthy fellow Tarnished, indeed. Make the journey. To the capital Leyndell, that lies to the east of the Altus Plateau, at the foot of the Erdtree. The Two Fingers will deny your passage no longer. You may be our best hope. Find your way to the Elden Ring. For we are Tarnished. And we must answer the call of grace.
Journey to the capital Leyndell, to the east of the Altus Plateau, at the foot of the Erdtree. The Two Fingers will deny your passage no longer. You may be our best hope. Find your way to the Elden Ring.
General Radahn, the famed Red Lion and scourge of the stars, is a ferocious warrior. He fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds to Limgrave's east. And by my reckoning Radahn remains there, even now. Though I doubt he much resembles his former self anymore...
Morgott the Grace-Given is Lord of Leyndell, the capital city. It lies at the foot of the Erdtree, in the east of the Altus Plateau. But the Two Fingers forbid us from venturing there. Until we've acquired enough Great Runes to repair the Elden Ring.
The Academy of Raya Lucaria lies to Limgrave's north, towering over the mist-laden lands of Liurnia. Rennala is the queen of the Carian royals, who govern the academy. And her Great Rune dwells within the egg she so dearly clutches.
You've received the wisdom of the Two Fingers, have you not? Then I bid you welcome, as a true member of the Roundtable. I am known as Gideon Ofnir. As a Tarnished who wishes to stand before the Elden Ring and become Elden Lord, I am accumulating knowledge. To be all-knowing. You now belong to a select group of fellows. As such, I ask that you remain constant.
I understand you've been speaking to Nepheli. She is my daughter. I took her in when she lost the guidance of grace. Though a mere axe-wielding barbarian, her youthful credulity suited my purposes. So I put her to work. Do not hesitate to employ her, should her services benefit you. Despite her looks, she is more than capable in the press of battle.
Ahh, you've already heard? Indeed, it seemed the whelp harboured suspicions. So I had no further use for her. Honestly, what's a man to do. A determined plebian is more wicked than an Omen horn, quite frankly. I suspect...that's just what the Queen wants. A dose of ambition, to incite the Tarnished.
Is that potion what I think it is? Bloody Seluvis. I suppose he's up to something again. Oh, I won't interfere. You go ahead and do what you must. The Roundtable has no code to speak of. But, I ask you this. Are you really going to do the bidding of that twisted dolly botherer? Or would you rather hand that potion to me, and see if we can't get one over on the bastard?
Good. I'll dispose of the potion myself. You go and see Seluvis, but don't give anything away. Just tell him that you tricked your mark into drinking the potion as planned. Despite knowing next to bloody nothing, he's so far up his own arse he won't suspect a thing. His inevitable display of arrogance will certainly be a sight to behold.
Well, I won't force you. But I think your plan would be a dreadful waste. She's not herself right now, and though I have no need of her, she still has potential. Certainly more value than she'd have as a bloody puppet.
I hear you helped get the girl back on her feet. Though I'm not her foster father anymore, I'd still like to thank you. Sorry. For the time you had to waste.
Well, I won't force you. If you want to do that dolly botherer's bidding, that's up to you. Not that I could fathom why you'd want to...
Oh, my apologies for that nasty business. Ensha got rather ahead of himself, it seems. As his master, I'd like to express my regret. But now, Ensha is slain and gone. Finished, forever more.
Ah, yes, by way of apology, allow me to tender some advice, in regard to the half of the secret medallion you possess. Find the Albinauric woman. She hides in a cave to the west of the Laskyar Ruins which jut from the mist-shrouded lake of Liurnia, She knows the location of the medallion's counterpart, I am sure. together with her great wolf.
Find the Albinauric woman. She hides in a cave to the west of the Laskyar Ruins which jut from the mist-shrouded lake of Liurnia, She knows the location of the medallion's counterpart, I am sure. together with her great wolf.
Ah, yes, by way of apology, allow me to tender some advice, in regard to the half of the secret medallion you possess. Find the village of the Albinaurics. It lies to the southwest of Liurnia, below the Altar clifflands. And some of the old village folk have hidden the secret medallion's other half somewhere.
Find the village of the Albinaurics. It lies to the southwest of Liurnia, below the Altar clifflands. Some of the old village folk have hidden the secret medallion's other half somewhere.
Ahh, I know already. You're after it too, aren't you. To pass the impenetrable thorns, you seek the forge of the flame of ruin, in the snowy mountaintops of the giants. Then you need to reach the Grand Lift of Rold, beyond the forbidden region. Hah, no need to pay me for that gift. All my knowledge is for the sake of guidance. That a Tarnished might stand before the Elden Ring, and become Elden Lord. It doesn't have to be me, my fellow.
If you're heading to the forge of the flame of ruin, in the snowy mountaintops of the giants. You'll need to find the Grand Lift of Rold, beyond the forbidden region. I marked your map with its location. Go, if you would. Take no heed of "cardinal sin". The Two Fingers lost their purpose a long, long time ago.
Ahh, I see you've laid your hands on the other secret medallion. I'm glad to see my counsel has borne fruit, but the honour of the deed is yours alone. You've made more of yourself than Ensha has... Now, more importantly, both secret medallions are in your hands. I suppose you'd like to know then? What awaits you on the path ahead? Me too, my friend, me too. I wait with baited breath.
Ahh, so the secret medallions led you to the land of the Haligtree? I'd expect to find Malenia there. She who fought Radahn to a standstill. Well, if the scarlet rot hasn't eaten her away completely. But...with the Haligtree as it is... I suppose Miquella must already be...
Ah, my apologies. Lost myself, for a moment there. The information you've shared is of great value. As promised, your reward: A hidden treasure, known only to me. A secret rite known only to me. You are a true fellow. All I ask is that you remain constant.
And it is a wondrous thing indeed.
So. The Haligtree, now but a husk... I heard speculation Miquella embedded himself in the Haligtree, but before he could finish, someone cut the tree open and absconded with his infant form. Indeed, it seems those words held weight. How vexing. That the All-knowing didn't have the full story... Perhaps the Queen's sorrow was justified...
Oh, so that's where the so-called Lord of Blood was hiding himself eh. A fitting little squat for that deluded maniac to bleat about the revival of his precious dynasty, while he turns our fellow Tarnished into Bloody Fingers. Let him stay there. That way, his delusions will remain as they are - distant and unattainable. But perhaps it's worth looking into... If what I've heard is right, then maybe...
Ahh, I see! So Miquella was with the Lord of Blood after all! That is some fine intelligence indeed! With it, the final clue has been brought into the light. One of the last few pieces the Roundtable-- I need, to put everything together. As promised, allow me to impart to you the last of the hidden treasures known only to me. the last of the secret rites known only to me. a thing most wondrous, known only to me.
Well, I wonder what comes next... If he continues his slumber within the cocoon, all would be well. But perhaps it would be safer to destroy it. Miquella is the one thing that remains a mystery to me...
You...burned the Erdtree, didn't you? Then the Roundtable is soon to follow. Ah, no need to fret about that. The Roundtable Hold served to put a Tarnished upon the throne of Elden Lord. And if the Erdtree needed to burn for that to happen, then the Roundtable must go, as well.
I'll stay at the Roundtable, for a time. I must learn all that can be taken from this place, and sear it into my memory. How could I call myself the All-Knowing, if I did any less?
The pursuit of knowledge is without end, for knowledge is never a thing complete. Thus, I maintain the mantle of All-Knowing. Perhaps the same could be said of guidance. Who's to say whether we'll remain who we are, once the fight is finished? What do you think, as one who aspires to become Elden Lord?
Ahh, I knew you'd come. To stand before the Elden Ring. To become Elden Lord. What a sad state of affairs. I commend your spirit, but alas, none shall take the throne. Queen Marika has high hopes for us. That we continue to struggle. Unto eternity.
You think I don't know what that is? I have no secrets for you to salaciously gawp at. You think too little of Gideon Ofnir, the All-knowing.
My fellow, you've fought well, until now.
I know...in my bones... A Tarnished cannot become a Lord. Not even you. A man cannot kill a god...
Knowledge above all!
