You're Tarnished, aren't you? Then, perhaps you could spare some runes? Believe it or not, I studied glintstone sorceries at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. For a small donation, I'd be happy to share my knowledge.
Well, bless you, bless you. You are a true saint. My name is Thops. Presuming you're interested, I can teach you sorceries, as promised. Only, none of them are particularly great...
Back to learn another? Wonderful. You're most welcome, to any of my anaemic little spells.
Back to learn another? Why, of course.
Well, I can't blame you, I suppose. But, in the case that you do change your mind, just speak up, loud and clear.
Oh, there you are. Care to donate a few runes? Believe it or not, I studied glintstone sorceries at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. For a small donation, I'd be happy to share my knowledge.
Apologies, friend. I'm afraid my meagre sorceries are no match for your generosity. Oh, right. I can tell you what I know about this place. That should help a bit. You've seen that structure to the north, towering over the water? That's the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Where we study glintstone sorceries. Only, its doors have been closed for quite some time now. After they declared they wouldn't interfere with the Shattering, the academy cast repelling seals on the east gate leading to the Capital and the south gate leading here.
As you might have guessed, the seals are still active, making entry to the academy impossible without a glintstone key. And so I'm stuck here. A fledgling sorcerer, with little chance of acquiring a key. When they cast the seals, I'd just popped out, and now I'm uprooted from my place of learning.
Why not find yourself a glintstone key? Without one, you can't pass through the academy, and you'll never reach the Erdtree Capital. And if you find an extra glintstone key, perhaps... Once you've tied up all your loose ends - and I can be very patient - would you consider donating it to me? I know it. I'm a bluntstone. Nary a hint of talent for sorcery. But still, my place is at the academy...
Oh, one more thing... Beware the Albinaurics... ...accursed souls born of a forbidden rite of the Eternal City. The curse withered the legs of the old, and silenced the tongues of the Frogs. And now they hold deep grudges for anyone left untouched.
Thank you, kind soul. For learning my paltry sorceries. I never imagined that a bluntstone like myself would have the chance to play teacher.
Are you certain? You're willing to give your glintstone key to me? …My oh my! Thank you, thank you dearly. Now I can go back to the academy. To resume my study...of glintstone sorceries, and the very stars. ...
You've taken an apprenticeship with Sellen? Well, that is something. Sellen was well known. The most promising sorceress in the history of the academy. I followed her at school, but there may as well have been an ocean between us. But Sellen was expelled from the academy. Accused of unthinkable treatment of certain sorcerers, under the name of the Graven Witch. I still don't believe the accusations. The illustrious Sellen would never do such things...
Find yourself a glintstone key. Without one, you can't pass through the academy, and you'll never reach the Erdtree Capital.
Well, what's this? For me, is it? But surely, that's a passing fine brew? My meagre sorceries hardly warrant such a reward. Oh, bless you. I'll save it for a special occasion. I may never have another drink like it for as long as I live.
So, you've found yourself a glintstone key. But I certainly can't take it from you. That key belongs to you. By rights, you should use it for yourself. It's true, I wish to return to my place of study. But that's no excuse to impose upon others. Ah...is this why bluntstones always finish last?
Head to the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Carry on with your journey. Press forward with your fight. Don't bother holding yourself up for my sake.
Thank you dearly. With your blessing, I will depart for the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Perhaps, one day, you'll pay me a visit? Who knows, I may be a decorated sorcerer by then! Ha ha!
Oh, did I not mention? I'm a bluntstone. I don't even have a pebble's worth of power. So I'm afraid I can't help you decipher the scroll. I'm sorry I'm so useless. I truly am.
Ow!
What's wrong with you? Stop that, now. Please.
There's no getting through to you, is there.
Oh, Raya... Lucaria... The home of my studies...
