Tarnished, are we? A wonder you should turn up here. I am Sellen, a sorcerer, quite plainly. Why are you here?
Ahh, a yen for glintstone sorceries? Well, your aptitude does appear...passable. But one must choose one's masters wisely. I was exiled from the Academy of Raya Lucaria, as a reviled, apostate witch. Do you still wish to learn from me?
Well, you are a piece of work. Very well. You are now my protégé in glintstone sorcery. But I refuse to coddle. Or cast kind words. Never. Anticipate grievances, young apprentice.
Really. It's not every day I meet a Tarnished just milling about.
What is it now? Why are you here again?
I dare say your proclivities are far from ideal... Oh well, perhaps nurture will defy nature, with a bit of luck.
Yes, I think that would be wise. We must choose our masters wisely.
Well? Have you made up your mind?
Young apprentice. First things first. You are a tadpole when it comes to magic. Infantile. Without the legs to walk. So, to become a sorcerer, first, you must face your ignorance. Now, shall we start learning?
There you are, my apprentice. Shall we commence the lesson?
You wish to continue the lesson? Very well, I have time aplenty.
Our art draws upon the powers embedded in glintstone. But what is the nature of such power? Glintstone is the amber of the cosmos. Golden amber contains the remnants of ancient life, and houses its vitality, while glintstone contains residual life, and thus the vitality of the stars. It should not be forgotten, that glintstone sorcery is the study of the stars, and the life therein. A fact lost on most sorcerers, these days...
Your appetite for learning is impressive. You make me proud. To have grown little legs so readily. You must have a fabulous teacher.
Hmm? What's on your mind?
Well, well... Seluvis is not a name I ever wanted to hear again... But, fine. If it will help you, my apprentice, I offer my knowledge. The stars alter the fate of the Carian royal family. And the fate of your mistress, Ranni. But long ago, General Radahn challenged the swirling constellations, and in a crushing victory, arrested their cycles. Now, he is the force that repulses the stars. If General Radahn were to die, the stars would resume their movement. And so, too, would Ranni's destiny.
My apprentice, what happened to your nail? Perhaps you have a different view, but... That foul thing is eyeing you from afar, plotting to enlist you as a pawn. May I remove it for you?
A wise choice. Let me neutralize it. But first... Listen up, wretched curse-peddler. This is a vile craft in which you engage. Let it be known. This is the beloved apprentice of Sellen, Graven Witch. I set a curse upon you and your meddling hand. Your death will not be a pleasant one. May you shudder between breaths in your sleep...
If you prefer not, that is your prerogative. But let it be known. That foul thing is eyeing you from afar, plotting to enlist you as a pawn. If what I have told you one day rings true, by all means, come to me again.
What's this sorcery, my apprentice? Ah, then you have seen Master Azur. Master Azur was a founding glintstone sorcerer, and my first teacher. A stern judge of men, but he must see something in you. You make us both proud. We can speak more later, my apprentice.
If you recall, I was exiled from the Academy of Raya Lucaria. It was for attempting to restore the primeval current of glintstone sorcery. The toothless pedantry peddled by the Carian royal family can rot for all I care. I want glintstone sorceries that open our minds, unbound by terrestrial taboos. No matter what we give in return. My apprentice. I presume nothing. Teacher and student are not bound to tread the same path. But hear me out, my apprentice. I need your help to restore the primeval current of glintstone sorcery. Perhaps this is a journey we could take together?
Splendid. I thank you. This pleases me. It's been far too long since I found a fellow kindred spirit. You must have a fabulous teacher.
Forgive me, it was an outlandish idea to begin with. And I fear quite presumptuous of me, as well. Don't give it another thought, my apprentice.
Really? My apprentice. You must have given this quite some thought. Splendid. I thank you. This pleases me. It's been far too long since I found a fellow kindred spirit.
There you are, my apprentice. Shall we commence the lesson?
You wish to resume the lesson? Indeed, that would be the wiser option.
I need your help, my apprentice. Master Lusat is another founding glintstone sorcerer. And like Master Azur, he was banished from the academy. Now he languishes, imprisoned somewhere. My apprentice, can you find Master Lusat? With this glintstone key, you should be able to cross the boundary that encloses him.
I need him to restore the primeval current of glintstone sorcery. He's nigh a child of the stars, such is his body now...
After his expulsion from the academy, I heard that Master Lusat returned to his home. A place called Sellia, in the eastern Caelid Wilds. Thinking about it, I obtained the glintstone key I gave you from a Sellian sorcerer. It wouldn't be too much of a leap to suppose he's still cooped up nearby...
Who could've guessed. What a place to find Master Lusat... You have my gratitude. This is all your work. I am truly pleased to have you as an apprentice, and a kindred spirit. This is a mere token of my thanks. Please, take it. This brings us a full step closer. The bodies of Masters Azur and Lusat can be admitted to the Academy. If only I could undo these wretched shackles...
This brings us a full step closer. The bodies of Masters Azur and Lusat can be admitted to the academy. If only I could undo these wretched shackles...
My apprentice. Give me a moment later. I have a favour to ask. The form you see before you is merely a projection. My body lies elsewhere. But the academy's shackles prevent it being moved. My body is on the Weeping Peninsula, at the southern tip of the Lands Between, imprisoned in the ruins just down from the Church of Marika, past the plain of the Wandering Mausoleum. Can you make the journey to my body? I have something that I can only trust with you.
My body is on the Weeping Peninsula, at the southern tip of the Lands Between, imprisoned in the ruins just down from the Church of Marika, past the plain of the Wandering Mausoleum. Can you make the journey to my body? I have something that I can only trust with you.
My apprentice, thank you for coming. These shackles take a toll on us all. There is something I need you to look after. My primal glintstone.
A star has fallen, and my fortunes waver. Someone may come for my life. And so, I entrust it with you. My self.
<groaning in pain>
<panting> Thank you...my apprentice... This...is my essence. Please, treat it with care.
<shivering moans> It will do no good, I swear it... ...and yet you persist, you frothing degenerates... A...argh! <shivering moans>
Treat it with care, my apprentice... What you hold is my very being...
My apprentice, just how long has it been? Thank you. You've helped me fill a new body, once again. And it's truly a gem. Young and full of vigor, a snug fit for my Primal Glintstone. Better still, I've shed those awful shackles. Finally, I can return to the academy. To expel the Carian royal family, and restore the primeval current. My dear apprentice, I owe this all to you.
Finally, I can return to the academy. To expel the Carian royal family, and restore the primeval current.
My apprentice, shall we commence the lesson? As thanks for procuring this new form, I'll be holding you to a higher standard.
You wish to resume the lesson? Have I not been strict enough, I wonder?
Ahh, my apprentice. You've saved my skin once again. Do you see this? The Queen of Caria is no more. With the bodies of Masters Azur and Lusat returned, the academy can hone the primeval current. So that we, fallen children of the stars, shall beam with brilliance once again. My apprentice. Will you stay with us, here at the academy? Oh, I know it's not possible. You have your own calling. To be the next Elden Lord. But do think of me. Of your teacher. On the eve of your crowning.
You will always be my darling pupil. Rest assured that I... No, the entire academy, will swear allegiance to the new monarch. My apprentice. Become Elden Lord.
Hmm, perhaps I'm jumping ahead, but here is a symbol of my allegiance, and the academy's.
Do you recall what once I told you? That glintstone is the amber of the cosmos, and sorcery is the study of the stars, and the life therein. When you become Elden Lord, please illuminate me. Lay bare the secrets of life which course the Elden Ring. Next time, I will be your student.
Oh, one last thing. If you fail to claim your throne, you can always pay me a visit. Oh, don't fret. Even my dullest pupils will always have a place here.
What is it? My apprentice.
Ahh, I am glad to see you. My apprentice. Would you like a lesson? I'm always glad to further your education.
It warms my heart. That you still think of me. Yet I still yearn, for you to find Master Lusat. His body is needed. At the academy, to hone the primeval current...
Who could've guessed. What a place to find Master Lusat... Oh, this is wonderful news. Now, his body will be brought home. And when the bodies of Masters Azur and Lusat are together, the academy can hone the primeval current. So that we, fallen children of the stars, will beam once again. I am most grateful. There are no others who would have done this. What a joy to have you as an apprentice, and kindred spirit. This is a mere token of my thanks. Please, take it.
You wish to resume the lesson? Good. Indeed, it is better to finish what one starts, is it not? With the body of Master Azur returned, the academy can restore the primeval current. So that we, fallen children of the stars, might beam with brilliance once again.
Jerren, bringer of my death. You have my gratitude. For freeing me from my shackles. But I am afraid your work is done. Join the school. To reflect on your mistake.
U...urgh M-my...apprentice... I-I'm...
My...apprentice...
Oh, is that a scroll? Takes me back to my academy days. Very well. This is sorcery with which I'm not entirely unfamiliar. I'll be sure to incorporate it into one of your lessons. Never lose that inquisitive spirit, my apprentice.
What's the meaning of this?
How unfortunate. That we should part ways in this manner...
Ngh!
Why, you. Are you mad?
My death would only be temporary. Your savagery achieves nothing.
Agh!
Why, you. Are you mad? Another moment of this, and no amount of grovelling will spare you.
You sadden me, my apprentice.
Ahh, how can this be... ...every fallen child... must shine again...
For a time, I believed us kindred spirits. My apprentice...
