Oh, yes... Tarnished, are we? Come to the Lands Between for the Elden Ring, hmm? Of course you have. No shame in it. But I'm afraid you're plumb out of luck. You are maidenless. A bit player, fully divorced from the strength of runes. Feel free to go off and die in a ditch somewhere.
Oh, can't seem to wrap your head around your predicament? It's no surprise. You poor have-nots are a stubborn lot. Fine, then. If you must have a go at it, maidenless as you are, you'll require an education. On the ways of the learned Tarnished. Are you familiar with grace? The golden light that gives life to you Tarnished. You may also behold its golden rays pointing in a particular direction at times. That is the guidance of grace. The path that a Tarnished must travel. It's nothing short of a miracle. That the guidance of grace can lead you, maidenless as you are, to the perfect place to die in obscurity.
What's the matter? Shouldn't you be off proving yourself, or some such? Then go on, take the hint and follow the guidance of grace. To Castle Stormveil, on the cliff. And if, by chance, you do find your way to the castle, you may receive a summons. To the famed Roundtable Hold…
Guidance will show the way, most certainly. To Castle Stormveil, over on the cliff. The home of the decrepit demigod, Godrick the Grafted. Although I'm afraid you'll never make it that far, hmm. Rest assured, I sympathise, deeply. There's no worse fate than to be maidenless. Oh, but if, by chance, you do find your way to the castle, you may receive a summons. To the famed Roundtable Hold…
Oh, yes... Tarnished, are we? Come to the Lands Between for the Elden Ring, hmm? Of course you have. No shame in it. Unfortunately for you, however, you are maidenless. Without guidance, without the strength of runes, and without an invitation to the Roundtable Hold... You are fated, it seems, to die in obscurity.
Luckily for you, however, there is one shining ray of hope for even the maidenless. Me. Varré. Take care to listen. Are you familiar with grace? The golden light that gives life to you Tarnished. You may also behold its golden rays pointing in a particular direction at times. That is the guidance of grace. The path that a Tarnished must travel. Mm, indeed. Grace's guidance holds the answers. It will lead you Tarnished to the path you are meant to follow. Even if it leads you to your grave.
Grace's guidance will reveal the path forward, most certainly. To Castle Stormveil, over on the cliff. The home of the decrepit demigod, Godrick the Grafted.
It's time you set off, I should think. To Castle Stormveil, on the cliff, where grace would guide you. If you seek the Elden Ring, maidenless as you are.
Ohh, well done, well done indeed. You made it through that entire mess, all the way to Stormveil. And off you trotted to the Roundtable Hold… My sincerest congratulations. But, how did you find the Roundtable? Oh, you don't have to say it. Before, the Roundtable was chock full of venerated warriors, but now, it's home to puff-chests and has-beens. I fear you've been terribly disappointed. I don't blame you. But still, the Roundtable has its perks. Why not earn a seat? Fly straight and true, so to speak.
Ahh, then you're interested? A wise choice indeed. To join the Roundtable proper, you must acquire a Great Rune, and request audience... ...with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber. They are the purported masters of the grace that guides your kind, the Tarnished. Mm, yes, pay them a visit, so that you may see for yourself.
Challenge Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil, to acquire a Great Rune. Decrepit, he may be, but a demigod he remains. And of course, an inheritor of a Great Rune. Worse yet, I hear old Godrick's acquired a ferocious new toy to graft... So. Prepare for the worst.
Oh, have you decided to have a go after all? At joining the Roundtable proper?
What's the matter? Aren't you supposed to be earning your place at the Roundtable Hold? Then you must face Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil, for without a Great Rune, you will not be granted audience. With the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
Ohh, well done, well done indeed. You bested Godrick the Grafted, and claimed a Great Rune. You felled a demigod, and claimed a Great Rune. My congratulations. Now, visit the Roundtable Hold. For an audience with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
Go to the Roundtable Hold. For an audience with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
Ah, there you are. You claimed a Great Rune, and had your audience. With the Two Fingers, at the Roundtable Hold. You've had your audience. With the Two Fingers, at the Roundtable Hold. What was your impression?
Ah-ha, your intuition serves you well. My doubts had been piling up, you see. ...The words of the Two Fingers cannot be trusted. Truly, naught but rambling, senile delusions. I believe, that when the Elden Ring was shattered, the Two Fingers were corrupted, their guidance; skewed. Even worse, the Fingers harbor no love for our kind. That's the part that irks the most.
Oh, I have a gift for you, something fit only for the wise.
A means for circumventing the draw of the Two Fingers. Give it a try, won't you? And if it please you, may we meet again. I've high hopes for you. My lambkin.
You don't say. Well, what a relief that must be. You may go, then. My work here is done. May the wisdom of the Two Fingers guide you.
Oh? Is something wrong?
Be sure to try that finger I gave you. There's no reason to dither. The Tarnished were spurned by grace, forsaken by the Two Fingers. And now they ask you to mend their crumbling world? Hah, your loyalties are misplaced with them.
Be sure to try that finger I gave you. I'm quite certain that you'll take to it.
Oh, lambkin, so pleased you're here. I'm glad that you're enjoying my gift. Mmm, I knew it from the very start. You have a taste for noble blood. ... I wish to anoint you a proper inductee. A knight to serve Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, and establish a new dynasty. Luminary Mohg has strength, vision, and of course, love. So, what do you say, my lambkin?
Mm, yes, who would have it any other way? Now, take this. For your final trial. Soak the cloth with a maiden's blood. Normally, this ritual would involve killing one's own maiden, and recanting the wisdom of the Two Fingers. But since you are maidenless, the blood of anyone's maiden will do.
Oh my, perhaps you misheard me. Nothing wrong with giving you a day or two. For your ears to clear out.
Oh, it's you. Could you tell me once more? Your honest reply.
Ahh, my lambkin. You've completed your final trial. And with this, you are a formal inductee. A knight who will assist Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, in the establishment of a new dynasty. Now, give me your finger. This noble blood will be an immutable badge of honor, once it settles. Inside of you. Oh, good heavens. Clench your teeth, or something. Never forget that feeling of agony. For it is what binds you, to Luminary Mohg. To all of us. Ha ha ha...
You have the sweetest scream. My lambkin.
Oh, another thing. You should have this.
A medal granted by the new Mohgwyn dynasty. With the power to grant audience with Luminary Mohg. I've gone out of my way to provide one to you. But you mustn't use it just yet. The meeting must wait until the Mohgwyn dynasty commences. Luminary Mohg yet slumbers beside the Divinity. We must endure a little longer.
Ahh, it is trying, but we must be patient. One day, you will be elevated, deservedly, basking in love. Right, my lambkin? Ha ha ha...
The cloth is your final trial. Soak it with the blood of a maiden. The blood of anyone's maiden will do. You are maidenless, after all.
What business does a maidenless wretch like you have here? Did you come seeking violence, upon learning my esteemed position under Luminary Mohg? I'll take pleasure in ensuring you regret this. Before you die in obscurity.
You seek violence, heedless of my warning, though you have been raised to a knight of the dynasty? I am pained, to the very depths of my being. I'll ensure you regret this, my lambkin. Enjoy your miserable death.
How dare you trouble Luminary Mohg's passions. You vulgar churl.
I made a grave error.
Why must I be... Disgraced by this lowborn...
O...Luminary...Mohg... Please grant...the strength...you promised... I have given...everything... Please...my lord...
Please, answer me...Luminary...Mohg. ... A-ahh... Bless the Mohgwyn Dynasty, with love! <groan> ...
Oh?
Do you even comprehend? The gravity of this choice.
Very well. If you mistake kindness for frailty of heart, then perhaps a more physical lesson is in order!
You disappoint me. Perhaps noble blood is too rich for the maidenless. Well, no sense in sparing your life now.
You were a maidenless upstart to begin with. You will die nameless, without ceremony.
Oh dear, a pity it's come to this, my lambkin. How does it feel to die a failure? Materials of quality are so hard to find, these days...
You maidenless runt... Who do you think I am? <groan>
Luminary Mohg... Bless the Mohgwyn Dynasty, with love! <groan>
