If it isn't Nerijus. The Bloody Finger. The end is nigh. For you, and your cessblood.
Just joining the fray, Tarnished? Well, you fought Nerijus and survived. That alone deserves commendation. I am Yura. Hunter of Bloody Fingers. Tarnished held in thrall by cessblood. Zealots who stalk their own. If you stay the path, you are certain to face more of them. Just remember. No kinship with their ilk remains. Their madness precludes it. Don't let your emotions stay your blade.
Well, you fought Nerijus and made good your escape. Fortune favours you, it seems.
Oh, one other thing... There are other Tarnished, like me, who hunt the Bloody Fingers. If a Bloody Finger threatens you, use this ring. If fortune takes your side, a hunter will come to your aid.
Just joining the fray, Tarnished? I am Yura, hunter of Bloody Fingers. Have you ever faced a Bloody Finger? They are Tarnished held in thrall by cessblood. Zealots who stalk their own. If you stay the path, you will face this blight, sooner or later. Just remember. No kinship with their ilk remains. Their madness precludes it. Don't let your emotions stay your blade.
If fortune remains on your side, a hunter will come to your aid.
One last word of warning. Stay clear of Agheel Lake. A great dragon roosts there.
Be on your way. Perhaps we will meet again, if fate permits.
Well, we meet again. Beware. A great dragon roosts at Agheel Lake. And it's as fearsome as it is majestic. So, unless you're mad, or wish to be burned alive... stay clear of the lake.
Hmm, I gave you fair warning. To stay clear of Agheel Lake, a known dragon roost. Don't be a fool. Turn back, before it's too late.
Don't be a fool. Turn back, before it's too late.
Ah, we meet again. To have fought Nerijus and lived, you must have seen your share of battle. To have fought Nerijus and escaped, fortune must smile upon you indeed. I am Yura, as you might recall, hunter of Bloody Fingers. Tarnished held in thrall by cessblood. Zealots who stalk their own. If you stay the path, you are certain to face more of them. Just remember. No kinship with their ilk remains. Their madness precludes it. Don't let your emotions stay your blade.
Ah, you must be the new Tarnished. You'd do well to steer clear of Agheel Lake, fledgling. A dragon roosts there...
You bloody halfwit. Picking a fight with a dragon? Well, I can tell you want to see it through. Seems I'm forever crossing paths with hotheads like you.
Ah, we meet again. I am Yura, as you might recall, hunter of Bloody Fingers. Tarnished held in thrall by cessblood. Zealots who stalk their own. If you stay the path, you are certain to face more of them. Just remember. No kinship with their ilk remains. Their madness precludes it. Don't let your emotions stay your blade.
Ah, you must be the new Tarnished. And quite the fool, by the look of it. Picking a fight with a dragon? Hah. Well, I can tell you want to see it through. Seems I'm forever crossing paths with hotheads like you.
I can tell you want to see it through. Fools will be fools. Fight all the dragons you like.
There you are. That was my first dragon hunt in quite some time. Paired up with a hothead like you, it was just like old times. Now that you've so impressively felled that dragon, there's something you should know. That heart you brought back. It's used in Dragon Communion. If you should find yourself overcome by hunger for the heart, yearning for its strength, then seek the decrepit church on the little island off the western coast.
You must not forget, though. Those who partake in Dragon Communion will one day shed their humanity. Their hunger for dragon, their yearning, only worsens. Until the floodgates burst, unleashing eternal torment. The strength of a mighty dragon. Magnificent, but deadly. It's no surprise that Dragon Communion is ruinous.
Beautiful work, felling that dragon. And as such, there's something you might like to know.
Ah, you must be the new Tarnished. That was my first dragon hunt in quite a while. Paired up with a hothead like you, it was just like old times. Now that you've so impressively felled that dragon, there's something you should know. The heart you brought back. It's used in Dragon Communion. If you should find yourself overcome by hunger for the heart, yearning for its strength, then seek the decrepit church on the little island off the western coast.
Ah, you must be the new Tarnished. Beautiful work, felling that dragon. And as such, there's something you might like to know. That heart you brought back. It's used in Dragon Communion. If you should find yourself overcome by hunger for the heart, yearning for its strength, then seek the decrepit church on the little island off the western coast.
Ah, oh, it's you. Thanks for your help there. That Bloody Finger was a thorn in my side. And now I'm finally rid of him. Here's a token of thanks. Please, take it.
I may not have much time. I'm dying to see you, Eleonora... Violet Bloody Finger...
Yes, I've been tracking Eleonora for quite some time. She is the deadliest of all Bloody Fingers. She's felled many an old hand already. But in spite of her cessblood zealotry, Eleonora is a proud knight. If she comes for you, do not think twice. You must flee. There is no shame in self-preservation.
Be on your way. Perhaps we will meet again, if fate permits.
Eleonora, it seems I am no match for you. But I've learned a thing or two myself, you see. I've sliced the finger off. Please, please, Eleonora, yield to the cessblood no longer. Do not stain the immaculacy of your sword, your flesh, your fire...
Finally, we meet. The Tarnished, who would be Lord. Oh my, why the long face? I fear that you were previously acquainted with this vessel. Well, that is most unfortunate. For he is dead. As for his flesh, he gave it to me, Shabriri. I hope you can make your peace with that.
You are about to sacrifice something precious. The life of a fair maiden, that you would toss into the fiery forge. Only so that you may be Lord. What a horrible thing to ponder. Your ascendency requires her sacrifice, whether she wishes it or not. But how would the Lord, crowned so, be looked upon?
Chosen Tarnished and would-be Lord, dare to tread the path of true rigor. Spare the poor girl, and singe your own flesh in her stead. If you are prepared to show resolve, and attain Lordship through righteous hardship, then heed the words of I, Shabriri.
Chosen Tarnished, and would-be Lord. Descend into the depths, far below the Erdtree Capital. Seek audience with the Three Fingers, and the flame of frenzy. If you inherit the flame of frenzy, your flesh will serve as kindling, and the girl can be spared. ...setting you on the righteous path of lordship. The path of the Lord of Chaos. Burn the Erdtree to the ground, and incinerate all that divides and distinguishes. Ahh, may chaos take the world!
May chaos take the world!
Chosen Tarnished, and would-be Lord. Descend into the depths, far below the Erdtree Capital. Seek audience with the Three Fingers, and the flame of frenzy.
Burn the Erdtree to the ground, and incinerate all that divides and distinguishes. Ahh, may chaos take the world! May chaos take the world!
Ugh.
That will be quite enough. What do you stand to gain by challenging me?
Too late for you, eh? Well, if you've succumbed to cessblood... it's better that I finish you here.
I had no choice. Your death could have been much worse.
What a wretched fate. Why did you turn foul...
I must not die... until she is eradicated...
What's this?
Well, this is peculiar. Is this how you express contempt?
This, I did not expect. But if you do not care for Lordship, I'm afraid you are of no use.
How very unfortunate. I did not take you for a fraud.
Shabriri is chaos incarnate. I cannot die. Until we meet again, in another place or time. Ahh, may chaos take the world!
