Descriptions of the divine towers:
 
Divine Tower of Limgrave is a Location in Elden Ring. It is one of the six Divine Towers. The Divine Tower of Limgrave is found in Limgrave. Enroute to Stormveil, a side route will have a small purple portal. Interact with the portal and it will send you across Limgrave to the Divine Tower of Limgrave.

Divine Tower of Liurnia is a Location in Elden Ring. It is one of the six Divine Towers. The Divine Tower of Liurnia is found in Liurnia of the Lakes and is reached by taking the lift down at the secret area of Carian Study Hall.

Divine Tower of Caelid is a Location in Elden Ring. It is one of the six Divine Towers. The Divine Tower of Caelid is found in Dragonbarrow. Players can reach this location by heading northeast from the Dragonbarrow West Site of Grace (or the closer Isolated Merchant in Calid). This tower cannot be accessed by conventional methods and will require careful platforming starting from the roots that extend from the Dragonbarrow plateau towards the tower's sides and using the ledges and ladders along the side of the tower.

Divine Tower of East Altus is a Location in Elden Ring. It is one of the six Divine Towers. The Divine Tower of East Altus is found in Capital Outskirts. Found at the very east of the Leyndell, Royal Capital region.

Divine Tower of West Altus is a Location in Elden Ring. It is one of the six Divine Towers. The Divine Tower of West Altus is found in Capital Outskirts between Altus Plateau and Leyndell, Royal Capital. It can only be reached by going through a series of illusory walls found in Sealed Tunnel. The path is linear, so there's no way to miss it, and illusory walls are generally at the end of each new area. You have to fight Onyx Lord which can be defeated in your first encounter if you are prudent enough.

Physically detached from the mainland the Isolated Divine Tower is the easternmost Divine Tower in the Lands Between. Although its great bridge was lost, it was associated with Shardbearer Malenia, who sealed off its entrance with her magic. After her defeat, however, the player can restore power to Malenia's Great Rune by interacting with a glowing Great Rune in front of a dormant pair of Two Fingers.