Hello-o? Can you hear me? Help me! I'm stuck! Hello? Hellooo! Anyone?
Oh my stars I'm so happy to see you! I am Alexander, also known as the Iron Fist. And as you can see, I'm stuck here. Please, can you help me out of this? My thanks! A thousand thanks! Just give me a good smack from the rear, with something nice and big. And I'll pop clean out. I'm sure! Don't dally. No no, there's no need to fret, I'm very well trained. Give it your all, I say!
Ah! Ouuch!
S-stop please! That's a little too rough for me, friend. You'll crack me in half, like that! A little more gently, gently, please.
Ahhh!
Ahh! Well played, good sir. Well played! Ahh! Well played, good lady. Well played! Though that mighty wallop of yours almost spelt the end of me! Ha ha ha ha! Well, I'm out now, and that's what counts. I thank you, and as a token of my appreciation, I'd like you to have this.
Once again, the pleasure is mine. I am the warrior jar known as Alexander. Iron Fist Alexander, in fact. I journey to the east, where I intend to further my education in the ways of war. Beyond these lands lie the scarlet rot-blighted Caelid Wilds. And upon their southern edge is Redmane Castle, in which a festival of combat is being held. I'd heard whispers of such festivities before... Doesn't the notion set your breast aflutter! Ha ha ha ha!
I see. More's the pity. No no. I apologise. Don't you worry about a thing. Despite my appearance, I am but a chip off a greater jar. I'll pop out eventually, just you wait.
Ah, what's that look, good sir? Ah, what's that look, good lady? Are you willing to help me out after all?
Come on, give me a good smack from behind with something nice and big. I'll pop clean out. I'm sure, of it!
Don't stop now, friend. Just keeping clobbering away at the old behind! Put those doubts to rest, I'll be just fine. I'm very well trained. Give it your all, I say!
G-good gosh, stop, please! That's my face! Smack me from the other end! The other end!
I'm heading eastward. To Redmane Castle on the southern edge of the scarlet rot-blighted Caelid Wilds. I've heard there's to be a festival held there.
G-good gosh, stop, please! That's my lid!
Oh, I hadn't expected to see your face again. Are you heading to the festival of combat, too? Oh, no need to be coy with me. Judging by the fine wallop you gave the old backside earlier, I would venture you're something of a warrior yourself. The mere thought of such a festival gets the blood pumping, eh! Now, now, according to my calculations, passing through this road should lead us to the Caelid Wilds. But however you slice it, it seems we've reached a dead end. I'm sorry to have raised your hopes. It seems my calculations must have been off...
I was created to be a warrior vessel. Many great warriors reside within me, ever dreaming of becoming a great champion. It's my destiny. And the reason for which I quest. It is my ordeal, you could say. To test myself, to better myself, to fell ever greater foes. And then, one day, we'll be a single great champion. The greatest of them all! What do you think, eh? How do you rate my chances? Heh heh...
Ah, if it isn't a Tarnished warrior. Are you travelling my way? I'm heading to the festival at Redmane Castle, on the southern edge of the scarlet rot-blighted Caelid Wilds. Oh, no need to be coy with me. I can tell from your bearing you're skilled in the arts of combat. Ah, yes, the mere thought of such a festival gets the blood pumping, eh! I am the warrior jar, Iron Fist Alexander. And according to my calculations, passing through this road should lead us to the Caelid Wilds. But however you slice it, it seems we've reached a dead end. I'm sorry to have raised your hopes.
It seems my calculations must have been off...
It's time I set off. To the festival at Redmane Castle on the southern edge of the scarlet rot-blighted Caelid Wilds. Doesn't the thought just set your heart aflutter!
Ah, you came, how delightful! Indeed, I thought I might find you here. By the by, do you know for whom this festival is being held? Well, it is none other than General Radahn himself! To think, I could face a great champion of the Shattering, a demigod in the flesh... In truth I quiver at the thought, such is his frightful repute. But! The fear simply assures me the ordeal is worth undertaking! Now, be sure to get a good vantage, my friend. I, Iron Fist Alexander, do hereby vow to unflinchingly brave this ordeal.
Ah, if it isn't a Tarnished warrior. I am the warrior jar, Iron Fist Alexander. The pleasure is mine. Do you know for whom this festival is being held? Well, it is none other than General Radahn himself! To think, I could face a great champion of the Shattering, a demigod in the flesh... In truth I quiver at the thought, such is his frightful repute. But! The fear simply assures me the ordeal is worth undertaking! Be sure to get a good vantage, my friend. I, Iron Fist Alexander, do hereby vow to unflinchingly brave this ordeal.
Be sure to get a good vantage, my friend. I, Iron Fist Alexander, do hereby vow to unflinchingly brave this ordeal.
A-ah, hello there. It was a battle marvellously fought. You are well and truly a champion, friend. I, on the other hand, am nothing but a crock. One hit was all it took to crack me, and for my insides to come spilling out... After that, I hid like a coward. And as such, I can hardly stand to face one such as you.
Alright lads, I'm going to take you on a little journey. You'll all be inside me, and be part of me. From now on, we're all in it together. So let's all of us dream big.
The bodies found here are exceedingly fine. Who could expect any less from the very warriors who fought in the Shattering, the greatest of all wars! Just you wait and see, friend. I'll grow even stronger! Just you wait, when next we meet! Heh heh...
Hello-o? Can you hear me? Help me! I'm stuck! Hello? Hellooo! Anyone?
Ahh, hello! How nice it is to see a friendly face! As you can surmise, I've got myself stuck in another hole. Would you mind helping me out, again? My thanks in advance, I know you're the man for the job! My thanks in advance, I know you're the woman for the job! You know what to do, hm? Give me a good smack from behind with something nice and big. Don't worry about my wound sustained at the festival. I'm stuck back together good and proper! Just give it your all!
Ah! Ouuch!
P-please! Wait. I have a terrible feeling about this! Would you stop hitting me for a minute!
I see. More's the pity. No no. I apologise. Don't you worry about a thing. Despite my appearance, I am but a chip off a greater jar. I'll pop out eventually, just you wait.
What's that look, good sir? What's that look, good lady? Are you willing to help me out after all?
Come on, give me a good smack from behind with something nice and big!
I can feel my lower half is stuck on something. I don't think you can get me out just by hitting me, this time. Hmm... Let's think... Perhaps there's a way to slide me out a little more smoothly... What if I could somehow be made slippery, or somesuch?
Hmm... Let's think... Perhaps there's a way to slide me out a little more smoothly... What if I could somehow be made slippery, or somesuch?
Ahh, hello! How nice it is to see a friendly face! As you can surmise, I've got myself stuck in a hole. Would you mind helping me out?
Ngh! Nngh! Oh, yes! That's the ticket!
Nnngh!
My thanks! To you and your razor-sharp wits. As a token of my thanks, I'd like you to have this.
Deary me, I'm oilier than a toad! There were countless oil jars back where I'm from, actually. And now I know what it's like to be one of them! Heh heh...
Yes, indeed, I too have a home. Though it is one to which I have vowed not to return. So, I thought I might look out from atop the cliff, but as I drew closer and closer... Pow! Wouldn't you know it, I was perfectly stuck in that blasted hole. I can feel the warriors inside admonishing me for my mawkishness. To walk the path of champions, one cannot cleave to the past! I'm headed to the fiery mount in the north. I can strengthen myself there, without fear of cracking this vessel. I will forge myself anew in its flames!
I'm headed to the fiery mount in the north. I can strengthen myself there, without fear of cracking this vessel. I will forge myself anew in its flames!
Ngh! Rnnngh! O mountain of fire! Bake me in your flames! Rrrrngh!
Nnngh! Ah, good sir, what business might you have in such a place as this? Ah, good lady, what business might you have in such a place as this? I hardly think you're here to temper yourself with flame, considering that fleshly form of yours. Your timing though, is impeccable as ever! I've been making just the thing for you on my journey here. Take it, I'm sure it'll suit you to a tee. But oh, it's hardly more than lukewarm here. I won't be able to temper my body such that it'll never crack again. Perhaps I'll head eastward. There's an old saying I've caught wind of.
Perhaps I'll head eastward. There's an old saying I've caught wind of. "Above the lofty clouds, the icy giant's peak doth soar, here lieth the flame of ruin, which ever burning roars."
Ah, I see you've finally made it here yourself. The city hanging in the air is slowly crumbling. What an incredible place we find ourselves. But that aside, you're certainly a force to be reckoned with, eh. I doubt there's a single soul who could've handled that giant, other than you. It was practically a god... Of course I count myself, the great Alexander, among the many. Which means, I've but one thing to ask of you. Would you kindly undertake my ordeal? Come and tell me when you're ready. I've been longing to fight a warrior as accomplished as you.
You are ready then, I take it? Then let us begin! I am the great jar warrior, Iron Fist Alexander! Lend me strength, O warriors within! Let us become one champion, together!
Ah, I see you've finally made it here yourself. The city hanging in the air is slowly crumbling. What an incredible place we find ourselves. But that aside, I can't believe you felled that giant. It was practically a god... I doubt there's another soul out there who could've done the same. Of course I count myself, the great Alexander, among the many. Which means, I've but one thing to ask of you. Would you kindly undertake my ordeal? Come and tell me when you're ready. I've been longing to fight a warrior as accomplished as you.
