Oh, Tarnished, are you? How did you slip inside, with the gate closed? Hmph. No matter. If you can fell one of them, you're a champion, in my book. I am Jerren. Foolish old warrior, and witness. Incidentally, do you like a good festival, from time to time? Well, it's true, this fortress houses only the vanquished. But when the stars align, we celebrate. A war festival honoring the last battle and death of General Radahn, the mightiest demigod of the Shattering, and bearer of a Great Rune.
Well, good. As you should. The festival affords glory to warriors. Then all you need is a little patience. When the stars align, the festival will be declared.
Well, you're not much fun, are you, chum? No matter. One day you will see. That true warriors bask in glory at the festival.
Have patience, mm. When the stars align, the festival will be declared.
Go on, now. This old geezer hasn't any use for you just yet.
One day you will see, chum. That true warriors bask in glory at the festival.
Go on, now. This old geezer hasn't any use for you just yet.
Well, I haven't heard that name in an age. Then you must serve Princess Ranni? The next time you speak to Iji, tell him this: The festival of Radahn will surely set Ranni's fate back into motion. By the by… Is that old fool still hammering out weapons? His enormous frame, cramped in that little place... Bit of a haughty sort. Strange fella, when I knew him. And funny thing, his swords were all blunt as stone. But not one of them decayed when faced with the scarlet rot...
Champions, welcome! The stars have aligned! The festival is nigh! General Radahn, mightiest demigod of the Shattering, awaits you! Champions, prepare for battle! Defeat the General, claim glory, and grab that Great Rune! A celebration of war! The Radahn Festival!
Are you good and prepared, young chum? The festival begins!
But now, we must make merry. O gathering of champions, the revels begin! The celebration of war! The Radahn Festival!
You will find the field of battle past the church ahead, upon the shore under the fort. General Radahn is there, even now. Divested of his wits, devouring corpses… And howling at the sky...
I see... When you are ready, come to me again.
At last, the war festival has ended. Brave champion, you have our gratitude. The celebration was spectacular. General Radahn is surely pleased. Festering with rot, and crippled by madness, all he wanted was an honourable death.
Finally, my work is done. I am no longer bound to this fortress. I have a task in mind. Old business you could say. You wouldn't understand. May we meet again, if the fates deign it. Brave champion.
It's time I went on my way. May we meet again, if the fates deign it. Brave champion.
Ah, well met. I hardly expected to see the champion of the festival here of all places. You didn't...know Sellen, did you? Well, whatever the case, she's dead now. Just put it behind you. She was known as the Graven Witch. Obsessed by the primeval current, countless sorcerers fell to her hand. The most dangerous mage in the entire history of Raya Lucaria's Academy.
Oh, a Tarnished, are you? You didn't...know Sellen, did you?
It is strange, though... The woman, she was like a husk, her soul already fled. I suspect Sellen lives on, elsewhere. I'm sure she'll turn up eventually, in another body. A sickening thought, but one that won't stop gnawing at me.
I suspect Sellen lives on, elsewhere. I'm sure she'll turn up eventually, in another body. A sickening thought, but one that won't stop gnawing at me.
My thanks, for the aid given. I heard from Iji that Lady Ranni might have found herself a champion. But I didn't know he was talking about you. You've helped me fulfil an old promise. This is the least I can do for you. Please, take it.
My thanks, for the aid given. Always a pleasure to witness the festival champ put on a display. You've helped me fulfil an old promise. This is the least I can do for you. Please, take it.
My thanks, Tarnished, for the aid given. You've helped me fulfil an old promise. This is the least I can do for you. Please, take it.
Well, I must be leaving now. Brave warrior, if the fates deign it... No, we shall indeed meet again, at the next glorious tourney.
Well, I must be leaving now. If the fates deign it, may we meet again, Tarnished.
