There's no mistake, is there? Death has left its mark once again. I'm sorry, I cannot give you your proper rites... But at least you did not join Those Who Live in Death. Your soul will return to the Erdtree, in time. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver this spirit.
Ah, a Tarnished, are you? I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot. Heed my warning. The village here has been touched by Death. And worse yet, it is home to a mariner. If you value your life, then go no further.
The village here has been touched by Death. Turn back, while you still can.
Another fool who won't listen to reason, eh? But with a prowess for weeding Deathroot. ... How would you like to earn the strength of beasts? If you're inclined to hunt more of Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot, then I'll introduce you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman. I have a matter of my own to attend to. And the beast himself wishes for someone to take my place. What say you?
Very well. Show me your map. ... I've marked the location for you. Of a hidden gateway. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman.
I have a matter of my own to attend to. I spotted the mark of the centipede here in the village. An ill-omened symbol that should not be. Someone, or something, threatens the sanctity of the Golden Order. And must be eradicated.
What is it? Still milling about? The map indicates where the gateway is hidden. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman.
Well, all right, then. No sense in forcing you.
What now? Had a change of heart?
Ah, a Tarnished, are you? With a prowess for weeding Deathroot. ... I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot. How would you like to earn the strength of beasts? If you're inclined to hunt more of Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot, then I'll introduce you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman. I have a matter of my own to attend to. And the beast himself wishes for someone to take my place.
Ha! Prince of Death, take a good long look! See the wrath of the Golden Order! The Order's justice, writ in blood! This is what's become of your precious witch! Naught but expired meat and bone! This is a proper death, O Prince! Look at this rotten whore. No more children can be got from this useless flesh! Behold, your mother is dead! Heh heh heh heh... This is revenge, you witch! And you, you ghoul! This is the wrath of D!
Ah. Hello. The rotten witch is dead. The Golden Order, unsullied. Now I can look my brother Darian in the eye. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver my spirit.
Darian, now I have no regrets. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver my spirit.
<sleeping>
Ah, aah... D-da...ri... Ngh...nnngh...
Ah, mm... Y-You... I require the sword...and raiment...of D... I require the sword...of D... For revenge... For the wrath...of D...
Yeeesss... YESSS! Soon you will know, filthy witch... Soon you will know... Vengeance for Darian. The wrath of D...
