I don't believe we've met. I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot. Heed my warning. Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number. Unless you wish to lay down your life in vain.
Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number.
Ah...we meet again. I'm glad you took my warning to heart. Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number.
Well, well... Another fool who won't listen to reason, eh? But with a prowess for weeding Deathroot. With a prowess for weeding Deathroot. ... How would you like to earn the strength of beasts? If you're inclined to hunt more of Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot, then I'll introduce you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman. I have a matter of my own to attend to. And the beast himself wishes for someone to take my place.
What say you?
Very well. Show me your map. ... I've marked the location for you. Of a hidden gateway. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman.
I have a matter of my own to attend to. I've spotted the mark of the centipede. An ill-omened symbol that should not be. Someone, or something, threatens the sanctity of the Golden Order. And must be eradicated.
What is it? Still milling about? The map indicates where the gateway is hidden. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman.
Well, all right, then. No sense in forcing you.
What's wrong? Got cold feet, have you?
You've met Gurranq, I take it? Then owing to our duties shared, we are now comrades-in-arms. I think you've earned this. The power of the Golden Order, to aid the hunt of Those Who Live in Death.
Did you need something else?
Ah, hello there. What can I do for you?
Ah, hello. You've been busy weeding Deathroot, I take it. I thank you, as your brother-in-arms. So what can I do for you?
Ah, hello again. You haven't gone to see Gurranq yet, have you? Well, no rush. You do as you please. Just as long as he doesn't starve to death, eh.
Go to Gurranq only if you feel the time is right. Killing Those Who Live in Death and weeding their Deathroot... Is a path not to be trod without ample resolve.
I serve the Golden Order. That I might put this crooked land to rights. Following only the guidance of the great Elden Ring. Those Who Live in Death fall outside the principles of the Golden Order. Their mere existence sullies the guidance of gold. Tainting its truth. And so it is the vermin must be exterminated... Down to the very last.
Are you acquainted with a man named Rogier? You know, the piteous fellow hiding away on the balcony? He was a formidable spellblade, in times past. Don't let his easy air deceive you. He was wise beyond his years, stout of heart and clear of mind. No more though. You see him now, ravaged by thorns, muttering and rambling... Like he's half dead already. I can't stomach to watch. Take well the lesson, friend. That's how you end up, when seduced by Those Who Live in Death. When grace is sullied, it rots people from the inside. Breaks them.
Well, what have we here? How did you get your hands on that dagger? ... Well. That hardly matters. I know very well whose dagger it is. Why don't I return it to them for you? Good work, bringing this to me.
