Oi! You there! Could you help us out, cully? You, yeah, you there! Stop pretending you can't see me! Why won't anyone look me in the eye? I-I'm not that ugly, am I?
Ow! What'd you go and do that for!
Hm? Oh, yes, I remember. Some clod turned me into a tree. You were just breaking the spell, weren't you. Thank you. The name's Boc. I was pushed out of the cave. Told not to come back, not ever. Then I ended up as a tree. Lucky you came along, really.
Oh, what a shame. When they threw me out of the cave, they took everything I owned, and so this is all I have to express my thanks. I hope you can forgive me. Or, if you can afford to wait for a while, I could sneak back into the cave, and bring back something of actual value. Then I'd be of some real use to you, I reckon.
Right, but I'll need a moment. I-I'm frightened of them... So I have to gather myself. My knees start knockin'...just thinking about that god-awful cave on the shore...
Oh, what are you doing here? You must leave this place at once. They'll rush in and beat you to a pulp. You'll end up just like me.
Wait, is that what I think it is? You got it back for me? My sewing needle! <sob> What made you go and do a thing like that... My mum was a seamstress... ...and that sewing kit was all I had to remember her by. I always wanted to be just like sweet old Mum. Then, I suppose I-I can't just curl up and die, can I.
Thank you. You're very kind. I always wanted to be a seamster, l-like my mum. Then, I suppose I can't just curl up and die, can I.
Oh.. It...hurts... Ooh...
Good to see you! Master. Do you remember me? Boc, the demi-human. You helped me before, and retrieved my sewing needle. Please, master. Allow me to serve you, as your seamster. I can't make nothing from scratch, but… I'm happy to make adjustments to your garments.
Boc the seamster, at your service, Master. Ready to make adjustments to your garments.
Oh, going so soon? Please, do be safe on your journeys.
Master, I was wondering... Do you ever...make adjustments to your garb yourself? I would, well, rather you let me do the job when possible, please. I don't ask anything in return, you know, and, well... I am your personal seamster, after all! I am your personal seamster, after all!
Master, my apologies. Your wardrobe includes the garb of old demigods, and I'm afraid I can't make adjustments to them. My mum told me once. That a royal seamster would do them up in a jiffy. Just wait, master. Before long, I'll be that good, too!
Is that a gift for my undeserving self? Thank you kindly. But what on earth could it... Oh! Amazing! I've never seen a golden needle, not in all my life! With a spectacular royal crest, to boot... Are you certain that this is for me? Oh, I can hardly believe it. Have faith in me, Master! I'll polish my craft enough that I deserve this golden gift! I'll be the golden seamster, Boc!
Now I'll be able to sew anything, even the threads of the demigods!
Do you think that Mum would be pleased if she knew? That I'm as good as any royal seamster, now. Oh, it's still not enough. I need to learn how to sew from scratch, like her.
Master, may I ask you something? Would you mind if I called you lord? I heard that you and the other Tarnished seek the throne of the Elden Lord. Well, I know that you will be the one, and you'd make just the manner of kind-hearted lord that I'd wish for. So, please, if you would. Allow me to call you lord.
You don't say! Thank you, thank you! M'lord, m'lord, m'lord! Please, become Elden Lord. And please, let I, Boc the seamster, remain at your side.
No, and why would you... Forgive me, for overstepping my bounds. I didn't mean it.
Boc the seamster, at your service, m'lord. Ready to make adjustments to your garments.
Going already, m'lord? Please, do be safe on your journeys.
Master, did you see it? Th-the Erdtree? I, oh, I don't really have the words for this... But I was so...so dazzled, I felt something stir, in my breast. The Erdtree is waiting for you, master. I know it, I do. I feel it in my bones.
M'lord, did you see it? Th-the Erdtree? I, oh, I don't really have the words for this... But I was so...so dazzled, I felt something stir, in my breast. The Erdtree is waiting for you, m'lord. I know it, I do. I feel it in my bones. O please, take the throne of Elden Lord.
M'lord... Have you ever wished you might be born again? Well, they say that Rennala of Raya Lucaria has the power to help people be reborn. Oh? Me? Reborn? Oh, look at me. When you're this ugly... well, being reborn? It would hardly make a difference, I'm afraid.
M'lord, what's this? Oh! Oh! It can't be… For my rebirth? But these are precious, are you certain that it's for me? Oh... M'lord, how did you know? It was my only wish, that I might honour you with a decent appearance.
M'lord, it shouldn't take me long. I'm off to see Rennala of Raya Lucaria. I'll be reborn, fresh and new.
M'lord. In all honesty, what do you think of me? Am I fit to serve a lord such as you, in all my ugliness? Must I be reborn, no matter what ill fate awaits me? Oh, I'm such a fool. I don't even have answers to the simplest of questions.
Master... Have you ever wished you might be born again?
Master, what's this? Master, how did you know?
Master, it shouldn't take me long.
Master. Am I fit to serve you, master, in all my ugliness?
Did I just hear my mum speaking? Thank you very much. Mum was always the only one who said I was beautiful. And now, my dear lord let me hear her voice. Please, if I may dream, just once... Do you feel the same way my mum did, m'lord? Do you think I'm beautiful, despite these looks?
<sob> M'lord, my dear lord... I, Boc the seamster, am forever in your service. May the throne of Elden Lord be yours.
No, why on earth would you... It was silly of me to ask. Please, forget that I did. But I beg, don't renounce me for my appearance. One day, I'll look every bit the servant.
Did I just hear my mum speaking? Thank you very much. Mum was always the only one who said I was beautiful. And now, my kind master let me hear her voice. Please, if I may dream, just once... Do you feel the same way my mum did, master? Do you think I'm beautiful, despite these looks?
<sob> Master, kind master... I, Boc the seamster, am forever in your service.
No, why on earth would you... It was silly of me to ask. Please, forget that I did. But I beg, don't renounce me for my appearance. One day, I'll look every bit the servant.
