Hallo coz, what are you doing here? Hallo coz, what are you doing here? I didn't think anyone knew about this place, 'cept us jars. Oh! Are you going to be the new Potentate?
Gosh, truly? That's wonderful news! It's not easy being Potentate, though. I know, show me your hands. It's just a little test, coz, to see if you've got the right stuff. It's just a little test, coz, to see if you've got the right stuff.
Hmm. Your skin isn't so smooth, is it... You need slick, slidey hands to be Potentate, you know. I'm sorry coz, but I don't think you've got what it takes... I'm sorry coz, but I don't think you've got what it takes... What a shame...
Oh, hallo again, coz. Oh, hallo again, coz. I'm happy you came back. I have good tidings for you, coz. I have good tidings for you, coz. I have good tidings for you, coz. Have you noticed the rare flowers growing in this village? I asked the villagers if you could pick some of them. I asked the villagers if you could pick some of them. I asked the villagers if you could pick some of them. And they said you'd be very welcome! The flowers we have now are nice, but it's a bit boring having the same ones all the time. I think everyone would be glad of a change, actually...
You know the huge vase, at the centre of our village? If you plant lovely flower seeds inside the big vase, coz... If you plant lovely flower seeds inside the big vase, coz... Those flowers will bloom all through the whole village!
Oh, well, I'm sorry.
Coz. You'll be our Potentate after all, then? Coz. You'll be our Potentate after all, then? Coz. You'll be our Potentate after all, then?
Don't look so glum, coz. Don't look so glum, coz. Don't look so glum, coz. We can still chat, Potentate or not. Come back and visit me, when you can.
Go on, coz, you really should pick some of our flowers. Go on, coz, you really should pick some of our flowers. Go on, coz, you really should pick some of our flowers. Who knows, they might be of some use.
Oh, did you come to visit me again, coz? Oh, did you come to visit me again, coz? I'm happy you came back. Can you tell me about the outside? Oh first though, if you have some nice flower seeds, can you put them in the big vase in the middle of the village? I'm sure, when lots of them are in bloom, everyone will be so happy.
Oh, hallo again, coz. Oh, hallo again, coz. I'm happy you came back. Can you tell me about the outside? Oh, and you put seeds in the big vase, didn't you? Thanks, coz. Thanks, coz. I'm so excited to see what kind of flowers will blossom...
Oh, hallo again, coz. Oh, hallo again, coz. You put seeds in the big vase, didn't you? Such pretty flowers are blooming! Everyone's so happy. I've never seen anything like it! I'd love to see more flowers from the outside, someday. Loads more!
Oh, hallo again, coz. Oh, hallo again, coz. You put seeds in the big vase, didn't you? But...I don't really like those flowers. I'm sorry coz, I know you brought the seeds from all that way away... I'm sorry coz, I know you brought the seeds from all that way away... But I'm a jar, and you're not. I s'pose we just see things differently. But I'm a jar, and you're not. I s'pose we just see things differently.
Ah, hallo again. Say, coz. Have you met Uncle Alexander? Say, coz. Have you met Uncle Alexander? He used to live here with us, but then he left, to be a champion. I asked to go with him, but he said "The path of champions must be trod alone". So heroic, right? I miss him though. If you see him, you should ask him to teach you how to fight, coz. If you see him, you should ask him to teach you how to fight, coz. He's big and tough and strong!
Uncle Alexander said he won't be back again. "My home is of the past. And the past, as they say, is a different country." I suppose that's part of being a warrior, isn't it. So...please don't tell anyone, coz, but... So...please don't tell anyone, coz, but... I'm actually a warrior jar as well! One day, I'll be just like Uncle Alexander. And I'll have to leave the village to become a champion.
Uncle Alexander won't come back here again. "My home is of the past. And the past, as they say, is a different country." I suppose that's part of being a warrior, isn't it.
Ah, hallo again. Do you know what a poacher is, coz? Do you know what a poacher is, coz? They hunt us, smash us, and then take us away. This village is kept secret, so I think we're safe here. But you should be careful if you ever meet one of them, coz. But you should be careful if you ever meet one of them, coz. I hope uncle Alexander beats them all up, first...
Those awful poachers. I hope uncle Alexander beats them all up.
Oh, hallo again, coz. Oh, hallo again, coz. Have you heard? A new Potentate's come to the village! I think he said his name was Diallos. He seems a little down in the dumps, but his hands! As smooth as silk!
I don't know, I'm a little disappointed actually. Even though good sir Diallos has a wonderful suit of armour... He says he isn't a warrior. And since he's a coward, he won't be fighting anymore. His smooth and silky hands feel nice when he pats us. But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you. But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you.
Diallos' smooth and silky hands feel nice when he pats us... But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you. But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you. But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you.
O-oh! Coz! O-oh! Coz! I'm glad you came. But we're fine now. Diallos fought the poacher. Though quite a lot of us got broken... ... I won't cry though... I'm a warrior jar. A warrior.
Thanks for coming back, coz. Thanks for coming back, coz. I've been thinking. It's time for me to set out on a journey. As a warrior jar, upon the path of champions.
Wow, coz, are these... Wow, coz, are these... Insides? From Uncle Alexander? ... Thank you, coz. Thank you, coz. I'm a warrior jar, so I need to be strong. I can really have them, right? I understand. I'll get strong. Strong enough I deserve to have Uncle's insides.
I'm about to go on a journey. As a warrior jar, in search of glory.
Oh, hallo again, coz. Oh, hallo again, coz. Oh, hallo again, coz. No, I haven't changed my mind. I'll begin my journey once I'm ready to go. As a warrior jar, in search of glory.
I'll begin my journey once I'm ready to go. As a warrior jar, in search of glory.
I don't think I'll see you again, when I set out. Warriors are supposed to work alone. Goodbye, coz. Goodbye, coz. And thanks for everything. I'll never forget you, coz. I'll never forget you, coz.
I'll never forget you, coz. I'll never forget you, coz. I'll never forget you, coz.
Coz... Coz... Coz... Tell me a story... About the big, wide world... ...
Uncle Alexander, look! It's me! I'm a warrior jar too! ...
Stop, no... Please, no, don't break us... ...
They're wonderful, Diallos. So smooth, and silky... ...
The tale of House Hoslow... ...is told in blood... ...
