Not seen you before. Name's Bernahl. Tarnished, just like you. Let me ask you something. Are you here in the Lands Between to take up the fight? Does your faith in the guidance of grace hold firm, despite the collapse of the Golden Order?
Yes, you're a Tarnished through and through. Takes me back, but that's a quality needed now more than ever. Any interest in bearing the torch, of my battle arts? All I know is the sword. Picked up a fair few tricks in my time, too. Now's the time to pass 'em on. To a good and proper Tarnished, like you.
Oh, not had your fill, eh? Worry not, I've enough to keep you busy.
Ah, hello. Glad to see you safe. Here to learn a battle art or two?
There's a myriad of battle arts in these lands that I've yet to discover. Mementos of all the warriors who raised their arms in battle, lost, and died. A fine tale, all told, of true chivalric romance. That's how I fell in love with the sword, and the arts of combat. It grants meaning even to falling in battle, to death itself.
Honest to a fault, I see. Such thoughts won't behove you, as a Tarnished. But there's nothing wrong with that. Any interest in bearing the torch, of my battle arts? All I know is the sword. Picked up a fair few tricks in my time, too. Now's the time to pass 'em on. To a good Tarnished, like you.
Not floating your boat, eh? Well, there's no rush. Knowledge of the arts can wait another day.
There you are. Decided to bear the torch of my battle arts?
Well, until we meet again.
You... What in heaven's name are you doing here? The Volcano Manor is a pit of recusants who spit at grace and hunt our own kind. I hope you understand the weight of my words.
Well. As long as you understand what you're saying. I thought you a Tarnished bred by virtue. Perhaps playing that part led you to your doubts, I wonder. But know that the path you walk is blasphemy, and leads only to a miserable death. Before you consider hunting any of your own kind, think on that.
This blasphemous path leads only to a pitiful death. Before you consider hunting any of your own kind, think on that.
So. You've bloodied your sword in the hunt. Then I shall introduce myself once more. Bernahl, a recusant, just like you. Recusants have particular battle arts, styled to our methods of slaughter. Why not add some to your repertoire?
Oh, not had your fill, eh?
You're still alive, I see. Why not learn another battle art, see if we can't keep it that way.
You've come to understand, now, eh? To take power and make it his own, The recusant must hunt his own kind. To raise the flag of revolt against this sanctified pillaging, We recusants must become the most wretched of predators. All you can do is laugh.
Look at you. A recusant through and through. I knew you had it in you. Take this. A special invitation, to hunt some of the first Tarnished who sat at the Roundtable Hold. If you should accept, I'll next see you on the field of battle.
Ah, I had hoped you'd soon return. I have the reward from Lady Tanith. Take it. It's yours, by right. Let us tread the path of the recusant together. Till we reach the miserable death that awaits us.
So. You killed Rykard? I harbour you no ill will. The strong take. Such is our code. Even he was prepared to meet a wretched end when he first took blasphemy unto his very flesh. But anyroad, the Volcano Manor is no more. Though we may yet fulfil an old promise. We hunted our own kind, and took what was theirs. And with everything in hand, the time has come to rise, against the Erdtree.
O Greater Will, hear my voice. I am the recusant Bernahl, inheritor of my brother's will, and you will fall to my blade. We refuse to become your pawns. Consider this fair warning.
Who are you? And what in heaven's name are you doing here? The Volcano Manor is a pit of recusants who spit at grace and hunt our own kind. I hope you understand the weight of my words.
Well. As long as you understand what you're saying. You have harboured doubts from the very beginning. Perhaps this day was always lurking on the horizon. But know that the path you walk is blasphemy, and leads only to a miserable death. Before you consider hunting any of your own kind, think on that.
Then you must leave immediately. Those with weak stomachs have no place here.
I thought I told you to leave. Or do you claim to understand? What it means to be a recusant, renouncing grace and hunting down one's own.
Well. As long as you understand what you're saying. But know that the path you walk is blasphemy, and leads only to a miserable death. Before you consider hunting any of your own kind, think on that.
