Elden Ring, O, Elden Ring.
Shaper of life, arbiter of fate.
Lord of the very stars above.
Tarnished warrior, spurned by the grace of gold.
Seek that which hath been lost to thee.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
Seek the Elden Ring!
Have you heard of the Finger Maidens? They serve the Two Fingers, offering guidance, and aid, to the Tarnished. But you, I am afraid, are maidenless. I can play the role of maiden. Turning runes into strength. To aid you in your search for the Elden Ring. You need only take me with you. To the foot of the Erdtree.
Then it's settled. Summon me by grace to turn runes into strength. Ahh, another matter. I bequeath to you this ring. Use it to traverse great distances. It will summon a spectral steed named Torrent. Torrent has chosen you. Treat him with respect.
I understand. I'm asking you to put faith in but a stranger. Yet I'm certain that we can reach an understanding. Summon me by grace if you should reconsider.
Have you reconsidered my offer?
Shall I turn your runes to strength? Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.
Phew. It is done.
This tiny golden aura is the grace of the Erdtree. This light once shone in the eyes of your Tarnished brethren. But now it is all that guides you. Or so I hear. You can see them, can't you? The rays of grace, that guide you through your burden.
Me? I'm searching. For my purpose, given to me by my mother inside the Erdtree, long ago. For the reason that I yet live, burned and bodiless. There is something for which I must apologise. I've acted the Finger Maiden, yet can offer no guidance. I am no maiden. My purpose…was long ago lost.
Upon the cliff, in Castle Stormveil, is a shardbearer. A demigod who inherited a fragment of the shattered Elden Ring. If the rays of grace signal the castle, then the Elden Ring beckons you. As an ally by pact, ...I pray that you are fit... To face the challenge presented by the Ring.
Spoken echoes linger here. Words of Queen Marika, who vanished long ago. If you wish, I will share them with you.
Very well. In Marika's own words. My Lord, and thy warriors. I divest each of thee of thy grace. With thine eyes dimmed, ye will be driven from the Lands Between. Ye will wage war in a land afar, where ye will live, and die. Well? Perhaps that might serve you in lieu of a maiden's guidance.
Of course. Perhaps there is no need. Tell me if you should change your mind.
Spoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here, as well. Shall I share them with you?
In Marika's own words. Then, after thy death, I will give back what I once claimed. Return to the Lands Between, wage war, and brandish the Elden Ring. Grow strong in the face of death. Warriors of my lord. Lord Godfrey.
In Marika's own words. The Erdtree governs all. The choice is thine. Become one with the Order. Or divest thyself of it. To wallow at the fringes; a powerless upstart.
