Oh, erm, hello, yes. Strange place for a chance encounter, eh? Thought I could use a rest. Don't mind me, go about your business. Right, over there, see that? Something's shimmering, I swear. Heh heh heh...
What is it? Oh, don't mind me. Off you trot. Right over there, see that? Something's shimmering, I swear. Heh heh heh...
Oh, my, well, here you are again. So sorry for that. I meant to warn you, but whoops! There you went. Despite my best intentions, I've done you wrong, I have. But here you are, standing tall and proud. All's well that ends well, eh. And my warning was spot-on, you tell me different! Stay clear of Volcano Manor, end of discussion. I heard the brutes there hunt Tarnished like animals. Mm...heh heh...
You didn't listen last time, but I'm warning you again. Stay clear of Volcano Manor, end of discussion. I heard the brutes there hunt Tarnished like animals. Heh heh...heh heh...
Well, you've joined the Manor, eh? I don't believe it. Didn't think you had it in you. And here I thought Rya was barking up the wrong tree... All good, though. We're on the same side, now. We'll do good work together.
Oh, and of course, we can do business, if you like. Patches' Emporium at the Volcano Manor. Specially for you.
Ahh, hello, what impeccable timing. This is for you.
You're new here at the Manor. But if you complete the request, you can improve your standing. Relax, we're old friends. Time's come to pass the torch, right? Go on, break a leg, then. Heh heh...
What's the matter? Having trouble nabbing your prey? Well, I wouldn't go asking for help so soon. We're not here to make your life easier. Do you remember your vow to Tanith? To rise against the Erdtree. Dare I say your heart was never in it to begin with?
You and Diallos both. Perhaps your hearts were never in it to begin with?
You hunted down Tragoth? Are you certain? No, it's quite alright, fine work, indeed. I'll give Tanith the news. Have some rest, by all means.
Are you surprised? That I belong to the Volcano Manor. I always hated the gibberish about lost grace and the laughable Two Fingers. I thought I could lend a hand in unmasking the charade. Not to mention Tanith has always made me curious. I guess her master must really be something, cause she's pretty damn smug about it. Even after announcing her blasphemous ambitions, she still stands proud. I've never seen a woman quite like her...
Hmph. Sharper than you seem, aren't you... I was just holding onto it for you, you know. Here you go. The reward for hunting Tragoth. All yours.
Now you've gone and killed Rykard? You scheming little bastard. You scheming little doxie. Cripes, you make this nonsense seem, well, less nonsensical... Perhaps a Tarnished will be Elden Lord after all... But for now, this Manor is finished. The demigod beast is slain, and Tanith has lost her head. A fine mess, but how else could it end when daddy ambition is head over heels courting lady blasphemy. Heh heh...ha ha... Well, here I am. Untethered, once again. Good-bye, my friend.
What is it? Oh, come to make a parting donation to Patches' Emporium?
Ah, oh, you again... A shame you had to see me like this... Ohh, I had a bit of a slip-up, that's all. I should have stuck to what I know best... No matter. I know I-I can trust you. Gullible, yes, but a good soul. Make certain that Tanith gets this. Oh, it's nothing, it's just... Makes me sick to see her all bent out of shape. C'mon, Tanith, back on your high horse, where you belong.
You're able, then? Then I can rest easy, my friend...
Well, well, well? Thought you'd just help yourself to a man's personal belongings? You scheming little thief. The gods demand repentance! Cough up your coin, all of it!
Hm? Wait, don't tell me, is that you? Oh, cripes, please, wait! I surrender! I surrender, I swear!
Do you even hear me? I said "surrender", loud and clear! No one likes a bull-headed brute! You'd clobber your old mate, then, would you?
Cripes! Are you dense, mate? What in the world has gotten into you! Fine, have it your way. You'll get what's coming. Don't go thinking I'm a soft touch!
Well, glad to see we're on the same page. I'd never cross you, not even close. He he he...
Ahhh... It's been ages since I've seen you. I didn't even realise it was you. Took you for a demi-human, or some such. You know how it is, just an innocent mistake. Water under the bridge, eh, back to business as usual?
Hell's bells... This bandit business is hardly what it's cracked up to be... Especially if we keep running into the likes of you... ...Maybe I'll set up another shop with the lads...
Well, finally made it, eh, and just in time. For the grand reopening of Patches' Emporium. Where you won't need a refund, 'cause everything is top notch!
Hello, again. Welcome to Patches' Emporium.
Cheers for that.
What, do I have to beg? Give us a coin or two next time around, will you?
Forgot something on your shopping list? No trouble to me.
