Well, well, well? Thought you'd just help yourself to a man's personal belongings? You scheming little thief. The gods demand repentance! Cough up your coin, all of it!
Wait, wait, please! I surrender! White flag and all!
For Pete's sake! I concede! No one likes a bull-headed brute, you know! I yield, yield! You can't harm a yielding man!
Cripes, are you dense, boy? Cripes, are you dense, sweetheart? Fine, have it your way. You'll get what's coming. We're about to make out like Bandits, boys!
Well, finally come around, have you? I knew you would. You're a man of reason, through-and-through. I knew you would. You're a lady of reason, through-and-through. Ha ha ha...
Ahhh... Well, what do you know? You're Tarnished, like me. Now, how did I get that wrong? I took you for a demi-human, or some such. An innocent mistake, I assure you. Well, water under the bridge. Now we're squared up, how about we play nice from now on?
A true man of reason. Just what I like about you. A true lady of reason. Just what I like about you. I'm Patches. Patches the Untethered. Tarnished, like you, only, free-spirited. Nomadic, you might say. Only for now, those retired-soldiers-turned-bandits they're paying for my gruel. In exchange for my, well, showing them the ropes. But honestly... this looting racket is bloody terrifying. Frankly, I'm ready to wash my hands clean. Maybe set up a legitimate shop. So, don't be a stranger, eh? I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time. Ha ha ha...
Slow down, son... Slow down, madame... What's the matter? This simply isn't like you. You've always known an innocent mistake when you see one. Well, suit yourself. I'm Patches. Patches the Untethered. Tarnished, like you, only, free-spirited. Nomadic, you might say. Only for now, those retired-soldiers-turned-bandits are paying for my gruel. In exchange for my, well, showing them the ropes. But honestly... this looting racket is bloody terrifying. I'm ready to wash my hands clean. Maybe set up a legitimate shop.
So, don't be a stranger, eh? I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time. Ha ha ha...
Don't forget to pop back for another visit, friend. I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time. Ha ha ha...
Well, nice of you to drop in, finally. It's all a bit ad hoc, but I'm sure you'll find something. And welcome to Patches' Emporium. Where you won't need a refund, 'cause everything's top notch.
Hello, again. Welcome to Patches' Emporium.
Cheers for that.
Stingy little beggar... Try to find it in your heart next time, eh?
Yeah, I had those bandits make a clean break. Now they're all suppliers, and good ones at that. I mean, they don't understand a word I'm saying, but it hardly matters, we have a natural connection. They're all foot soldiers. Survivors of a defeated army. Worked to the bone by their high-and-mighty lord, only to be thrown out with the rubbish. ...It's the same old story, everywhere I go. Ah, to hell with it all.
Hm? Wondering what's inside the treasure chest? Well, it's uh, nothing too special. Just something I'm saving as thanks, for a very valuable customer... But then again, it would fetch some spectacular coin... And besides, this valuable customer could be a long time coming... Eh? Everything is give and take, give and take.
Forgot something on your shopping list? No, no trouble to me.
By the way, friend... You've really been there for me, through thick and thin. And so, I've made up my mind. I bequeath that chest to you. An extra-special thanks, for an extra-special customer.
What's wrong? I've made up my mind. The treasure chest is yours, in word and deed. Sure, it may be worth its weight in gold. But a Patches Promise? Well, that's priceless!
Ah, oh... How in blazes... You're alive. You had me proper scared. Poofing away in a flash like that. Maybe it's a sign to keep your mitts off what's not rightly yours, hmm? But I'll forgive you. View it as a learning experience. At any rate, it's nice just to see you safe. And don't miss all the bargains, here at Patches' Emporium!
Ah, oh... How in blazes... You're alive. You had me proper scared. Poofing away in a flash like that. Who on earth spends their time booby-trapping treasure chests? No way I could've known, but still, I apologise. It's all very unfortunate. At any rate, it's nice just to see you safe. And don't miss all the bargains, here at Patches' Emporium!
Oh yes, by the way. I'm saying goodbye to the old cave. I'm untethered, by nature, and It's about time that I moved on. No worries, the old gang will inherit the shop. They may not speak a word, but they never forget a face. Spare them some coin after I'm gone, eh?
Oh, well! It's been a long while. It's me. Patches the Untethered. I'm still in business, if you can believe it. Now I'm my only supplier, so I haven't got much, but everything here is top notch. Patches' Emporium, now open in Raya Lucaria.
You have yourself a discerning eye, I can tell. That statuette will net you a small fortune, no doubt. In fact, I'll bet any of those scruffy merchants would leap at the chance to buy it... (laughs)
Oh, really? No interest in the statuette? I was sure it would catch your eye. Well, I can't force it on you, but... Incomparable craftsmanship, you know. I'd hate to see it go to someone else...
By the way, have you met that girl Rya? I spotted her somewhere along the highroad not long ago. She's a strange one, but I believe she was in need of help. Not that it's any of my business, but... If she rings your bell, why not lend her an ear?
Looking for Rya? Still hanging around on the high road, I suppose.
Oh, hello. I knew it'd all be fine... Oh, it's nothing, don't mind me. Welcome to Patches' Emporium!
You're...making your way to the Erdtree, no? Well I heard something that might help. A special means of reaching your destination. Have you ever seen an iron virgin? The clunky contraptions are whirlwinds of sickles and spiked wheels. ...but long ago, they were endowed with a spell of transposition. And get this. A surviving virgin sits at the bottom of the big waterwheel in the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Its transpositional powers fully intact. So, right, if you get caught in it on purpose... It'll chuck you out straight at the base of the Erdtree... Or so I'm told... Ha ha...ha ha...
Oh yeah, great story isn't it. I'll tell you as many times as you like. There's a surviving Iron Virgin at the bottom of the big waterwheel in the Academy of Raya Lucaria. And I heard...if you let yourself get caught in it, it'll chuck you out straight at the base of the Erdtree. Heh heh...ha ha...
Well, fancy meeting you here. Hold on, don't you say a word, my friend. I spoke no lie, not a one. You were trapped inside a volcano, no mistake, but the Erdtree was right outside. You just had to spring yourself out. I'm willing to admit. I could have been more clear. But I did not lie, and you're perfectly unscathed. All's well that ends well, right?
