Oh, again we cross paths. I believe I said my name was Renna, when last we met. It pleaseth me to see Torrent hale and hearty... But Tarnished, what business hast thou here? I have no memory of inking thee an invitation.
Mm? a Tarnished, here? Thou must have some business in mind, to come all this way. Though I have no memory of inking thee an invitation.
I see. Quite the sleuth, aren't we. Indeed, I am the witch Ranni. I stole a fragment of the Rune of Death, and used it to forge the godslaying black knives through fearsome rite. I did it all. But sadly for thee, the cursemark thou seekest is not to be found here. I have slain the body I was born into, and cast it away. And it is upon that flesh the cursemark is carved.
Hah! And why should I reveal that to thee? I performed the act not to bury the past, nor in shame of the deed, but all the same, thy begging compels me not a jot. The cursemark thou seekest is not here. That is all I will say. Now, begone.
The cursemark thou seekest is not here. That is all I will say. Now, begone.
Oh, is that so? Thou wouldst render me aid, is that thy proposal? Affording thyself opportunity to grope about for the cursemark's location, no doubt? ... Very well... There's nothing wrong with a well-laid scheme. What's more, if my past and past wounds beckon to thee, I am curious enough to see what thy destiny portends... I'll allow it. Enter my service. And good hunting to thee.
Hah! No reason in particular, thou claimest? Intriguing. Then mayhaps fate hath steered thee to this reunion. Intriguing. Then mayhaps fate hath steered thee to this encounter. ... Wilt thou enter into my service? I am the witch Ranni. I stole Death long ago, and search now for the dark path. That I might one day upend the whole of it, and rid the world of all that came before. Well? Has that roused thy interest?
I see. A choice well made. Thou'rt a rare sort. Not many would have accepted the offer. But I require as much of those under my command. I anticipate good work from thee.
I see. More's the pity. Come to me again, shouldst thou change thy heart. Surrendering thyself into the service of a doll-witch... Is not as frightful as thou fearest...
Ah, art thou persuaded to my cause? Then, again I shall ask, wilt thou enter into my service?
Good, then I ask we proceed with haste. There is, in my service, a half-wolven warrior by the name of Blaidd. I would have thee join him in searching for the hidden treasure of Nokron, the Eternal City. I have called for Blaidd to greet thee below. Take from him the particulars. Ah, and there wilt thou find Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, also. Heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst. I am sure the others will be doing just the same.
Speak with the three who await thee below. Thou needst not indulge them unduly, but they too wish to appraise thy worth. It hath been a passing long time since a newcomer entered my service, after all.
Good, then I ask we proceed with haste. Art thou aware of the star that struck Limgrave? It left a vast crater, and through it lieth the Eternal City of Nokron. Go there to find the city's hidden treasure.
Ah, yes. Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, can be found below. Like thee, they are in my service. Heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst. I am sure the others will be doing just the same.
Speak with the three who await thee below. Thou needst not indulge them unduly, but they too wish to appraise thy worth. It hath been a passing long time since a newcomer entered my service, after all.
Ah, allow me to forewarn thee. I shall soon enter my slumber. And it will be some time before I wake. This doll's body is not without its hindrances... Still, I have high hopes for thee. I look forward to the good news when I arise.
I shall soon enter my slumber. And it will be some time before I wake. I have high hopes for thee. I look forward to the good news when I arise.
Ahh...It was thee. Not Blaidd, it seemeth. Even in my slumber, I sensed it. It is in thy possession, is it not? The hidden treasure of Nokron? My thanks. Finally, all the pieces are in place. Soon must I begin my journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.
Ah, but before I leave, I must entrust thee with this. Take it. My discarded flesh lieth beyond the seal unlocked by it. Upon which is carved the cursemark of thy desire. I can fathom what thy purpose might be. Neither of us is welcomed by the brighter path, I see. You may leave now. It was but brief, but thou gavest me fine service.
What is it? Thy purpose in approaching me was to obtain the cursemark, was it not? You may leave now. I, too, am to depart on a journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.
Ah, but before I leave, I shall entrust thee with this. My thanks, for thy sterling efforts. A strange gift, perhaps, but a rare sort such as thee would welcome it, I am sure. I am certain now, fate steered us to our reunion. I am certain now, fate steered us to our first encounter. I must thank Torrent too, for his part. You may leave now. It was but brief, but thou gavest me fine service.
What is it? You may go. I, too, am to depart on a journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.
Perform for me a service, as recompense. Eliminate the Baleful Shadows which prowl these lands. The name of Ranni the Witch is already sullied by thee. I will not brook disobedience in this matter.
