Let us speak of the past, a while. I was once an Empyrean. Of the demigods, only I, Miquella, and Malenia could claim that title. Each of us was chosen by our own Two Fingers, as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age. Which is when I received Blaidd. In the form of a vassal tailored for an Empyrean. But I would not acquiesce to the Two Fingers. I stole the Rune of Death, slew mine own Empyrean flesh, casting it away. I would not be controlled by that thing. The Two Fingers and I have been cursing each other ever since... And the Baleful Shadows...are their assassins.
I turned my back on the Two Fingers and we have each been cursing the other since. The Baleful Shadows...are their assassins.
Even when I turned my back upon the Two Fingers. Blaidd remained my loyal ally. Heh. Though he was created a vassal for an Empyrean, He was a colossal failure, on the part of the Two Fingers. Blaidd, and Iji both... Art willing to give too much to me. Yet they both understand. What lieth beyond the dark path... That I must betray everything, and rid the world of what came before. Ah, should I add thee to the list? Another one, kind of heart. As kind of heart as they.
Ach, this form hath loosened my tongue. I've let slip too much. Forget what thou'st heard. Forget.
O Shadow, thou'rt the last. Tell the Two Fingers, That Ranni the Witch cometh, to rend thy flesh. With a fateful wound, ne'er to heal.
Beautifully fought. My thanks. 'Twas more of a challenge than I envisioned. Now I can finally stand before them. This is farewell, my dear. Tell Blaidd, and Iji... I love them.
So, it was thee, who would become my Lord. Perhaps I needn't have warned thee. I am pleased, however. Thou'rt a fitting choice. I go now, to the night sky. It is there I shall find mine order. I bid thee travel the path of the Lord. And once all is done, we shall see each other, once more.
Wouldst thou come to me, even now, my one and only Lord?
Mine will be an order not of gold, but the stars and moon of the chill night. And I would abandon this soil, with mine Order. Wouldst thou come to me, even now, my one and only Lord?
Well, this is a most unpleasant awakening. The depths of wickedness never fail to surprise me. I am saddened. That thou wouldst succumb to such depravity. Led astray by Seluvis, with devious tonic in hand, Didst thou think to have thy way with me? Be gone. Hapless scum. I won't have another whiff of thy rotten breath.
I have spoken. Away from my sight.
This is the third time, fiend. Enough of thy unbearable breath.
