Hello... Hello... Please... Over here...
Hello... Hello... Right over here...
Hello. It's rather chilly here, isn't it? My mistress sent me off on an errand... But I was accosted by a ruffian, and now I'm in a bind. Could I ask you lend a hand, perhaps? That thug made off with a precious necklace. I need someone to retrieve it. I would be sure to provide ample reward. Only... He, too, is Tarnished. If you've any qualms confronting your own, I shall find another...
Ohh, thank you dearly. What a blessing that we've met like this. The thug should be resting at an abandoned home down the way... Please, I must have the necklace back.
Yes, I see. Most unfortunate, but I'll have to make do. I know that some Tarnished balk at the thought of harming their own. But if you should change your mind, do not hesitate to speak to me again.
Have you had a change of heart?
The thug should be resting at an abandoned home down the way... Please, I must have the necklace back.
Oh, yes, that is my missing necklace. Thank you kindly. I am in your debt. Did I forget to announce myself? I am Rya, in the service of Lady Tanith of the Volcano Manor. I seek stalwart Tarnished who might join our house. You are very brave yourself. Not only a steady hand, but a steady heart, merciless, even to your own kind. Such strength is precisely what my mistress seeks. Please, take this. Brave Tarnished, seek the Altus Plateau, the realm of the Erdtree.
Most Tarnished are doomed to wander the outskirts of the Lands Between, peering wistfully at the towering Erdtree... But you are no ordinary Tarnished. And once that is proven, the Volcano Manor will fully extend its invitation. To fight, amongst a family of champions.
Ohh, and... One more thing, only for you... This land of Liurnia is connected to the Altus Plateau by the Grand Lift of Dectus, beyond the High Road. But the lift has been defunct for an age, meaning there's no simple means of passage. Instead, you must seek the old ruins in the cliff. At the base of the valley near the Grand Lift, there's an old tunnel. It was excavated from both ends, linking Liurnia to the Altus Plateau. I have faith in you. A champion, through and through. I do hope that we can meet again.
I've been waiting for you. I knew you had the stuff of champions. I hereby invite you to the Volcano Manor. Take my hand, and have audience with my mistress. I will pray. That you follow the same path as Lady Tanith.
I will pray. That you will follow the same path as Lady Tanith.
Very well. Speak to me again once you are ready. You will find me here.
Are you ready, then? I hereby invite you to the Volcano Manor. Take my hand, and have audience with my mistress. I will pray. That you will follow the same path as Lady Tanith.
Give me your hand. I will pray. That you follow the same path as Lady Tanith.
Hello... Hello... Right over here... But I hardly hold him in high regard. He seems to bear animosity toward the Volcano Manor. Perhaps it is to be expected, only... his intent, while vicious, is also tenuous, as if his heart is not in it. Doesn't really seem like champion material, to me...
Brave Tarnished, what is your business here? I'm afraid this is not a guest room. What's that peculiar look upon your face? <gasp> Goodness, am I still a serpent? Oh, how dreadful... How dreadful indeed... Forgive my distress. I ought to be thanking you for treating me as usual, despite this appearance. Brave Tarnished.
This is my true form. My real name is Zorayas. Please forgive the deception. Do understand. This duplicity is my own doing. Lady Tanith speaks no falsehoods, and the Volcano Manor is just as it seems.
Lady Tanith is my mother. I am told I was born by the grace of a glorious king. That my mother cherishes this form I inhabit. I am proud of what I am. But people are cruel. If they saw my true form, they wouldn't speak to me. And so I assume a guise when seeking new recruits. But you are not like the rest.
My serpentine form, and the name Zorayas, were secrets known only to Lady Tanith and I. Now I share the secrets with you, as well. Please keep them safe from anyone else.
Seek the old ruins in the cliff. At the base of the valley near the Grand Lift, there's an old tunnel. It was excavated from both ends, linking Liurnia to the Altus Plateau. I have faith in you. A champion, through and through. I do hope that we can meet again.
Hello again. Brave Tarnished. As a scout, I am pleased to see you again here at the Volcano Manor. Under Lady Tanith's guidance, may you tread the path of valour.
Have you ever... heard any strange sounds here at the manor? Something beyond the walls, like breathing, or slithering scales... Oh fie, what am I saying? It just isn't possible. I must be tired.
Um, oh, it's you. Forgive me. My mind never ceases to churn of late. Hmm, well... I know I can trust you... I saw something, slithering in the pitch black of night. It entered the room across the hall, and never came out. If I'm not mistaken, it took the form of a serpent, just like me... Does the Volcano Manor hide some secret, that Lady Tanith has kept from me?
I realise that I shouldn't impose but, if you discover anything, would you please share? It entered the room next to this one, and never came out.
The serpent that lurked in the shadows that night... It entered the room across the hall, and never came out. Perhaps the manor yet holds some secrets. If you discover anything, would you please share? It entered the room next to this one, and never came out.
Really... Oh, so there was a secret after all... Oh my... Lady Tanith, my own mother, has deceived me... Was I not... born by the grace of a king?
Hello again. Brave Tarnished. It is a shame that I did not beckon you here with my own hand, but I am pleased that we meet again, here at the Volcano Manor. Under Lady Tanith's guidance, may you tread the path of valour.
Hello again. Brave Tarnished. Do you remember me? I am Rya. We spoke once in Liurnia. I am pleased that we meet again, here at the Volcano Manor. Under Lady Tanith's guidance, may you tread the path of valour.
A pleasure to meet you. Brave Tarnished. I am Rya, the scout. Very pleased to welcome you to the Volcano Manor. Under Lady Tanith's guidance, may you tread the path of valour.
Brave Tarnished. Under Lady Tanith's guidance, may you tread the path of valour.
Sometimes I hear strange sounds beyond the walls. Like breathing, or slithering scales. Oh, perhaps I'm just feeling tired.
Hmm, what is this? I remember this scent, distinctly. ... Funny, isn't it. I am certain of it. I was born inside this. It's a part of my birth mother. You have my gratitude. Thanks to you, I am no longer afraid. I want to know. How I was born, and met Lady Tanith. One day, I hope to call her mother once again, this time from the bottom of my heart.
Lady Tanith, my own mother, has deceived me... Was I not... born by the grace of a king?
I want to know. How I was born, and met Lady Tanith. One day, I hope to call her mother once again, this time from the bottom of my heart.
Oh, it's you... I'm afraid... there is something I must tell you. I was an unwanted child. Born not of grace, but of a hideous ritual. Something that can never be accepted, not by men, nor serpents. Even Lady Tanith shouldn't accept me. You are very brave yourself. Not only a steady hand, but a steady heart, merciless, even to your own kind. I know that you have done so much for me. But I wish to ask one last kindness. Kill me, please.
I thought that I feared nothing. But this... Free me from this accursed frame.
Agh... Thank you... My champion... Mother...
I'm to drink this, then? Yes, of course. You always were very kind. ... Ahh... How delightfully sweet... And yet...
I know that you have done so much for me. But I wish to ask one last kindness. Kill me, please. I thought that I feared nothing. But this... Free me from this accursed frame.
You're not willing to kill me, are you. Hah... You've always been so kind. And uncompromising.
I suppose I knew in my heart of hearts. How kind, and uncompromising, you always were.
Oh, it's you. Heaven knows what happened here, but Lady Tanith, and all the Tarnished champions, are gone. It feels rather quiet without them. But with you here, things will be just fine.
I await Lady Tanith. I am her daughter, born by the grace of a great king. I do not wish to burden her, or cause concern. Brave Tarnished. Do tread the path of valour. I'm certain that this is what Lady Tanith wishes.
