Oh, a pleasure to see you, a pleasure indeed. I am Gowry. A great sage, in my day, anyway. I'd hoped to ask a favour, when one of your ilk came along. A strapping young Tarnished, able to cross the scarlet swamp of Aeonia. Don't fret, I'll provide fine recompense. Should you accept… I will teach you the secret of Sellia, the town you see there.
Ah, then you're willing to lend a hand, are you? I need your help to heal a certain young girl. Her name is Millicent. You will find her beyond Sellia, resting at the church atop the cliff, stricken by the rotting sickness.
The rotting sickness that afflicts Millicent has no cure. When the Erdtree flourished, even the demigods could not stave off its effects, despite their nigh godhood. But Millicent's suffering can be ameliorated. For this, you are to find a certain needle. Seek the deep scarlet swamp of Aeonia, outside Sellia's bounds. The needle, made from unalloyed gold, is lost somewhere there.
First, you must find the unalloyed gold needle. It's hidden somewhere in the deep scarlet swamp of Aeonia. Then I will tell you, as promised. The secret of the town of Sellia.
Ah, my apologies. I rather got ahead of myself, didn't I. Well, no matter. I'm accustomed to waiting. But if you should decide to hear my offer, whenever that may be, do come and speak with me again. I'll wait as long as it takes.
Ah, changed your mind, have you? If you are willing to undertake my request, I'll gladly share with you the secret of Sellia, the town yonder.
Ohh, you've found the unalloyed gold needle. As promised, I've detailed the secret of Sellia right here. Go on, it's yours. Now, let me have a look at the needle. Hmm. Hmmmm. Well, well, this is a marvel indeed. The work of a true artisan…a meticulous, bold craftsman who grasps the essence of life. Can you give me some time with this? As well made as it is, it won't be much use snapped in half, will it.
I have awaited your return. The needle is repaired. Now it will forestall the rotting sickness, I'm sure. Will you give it to the girl, Millicent? I will reward you in kind. Millicent rests at the church atop the cliff, beyond Sellia, the town yonder. Tended to by the witless pests who worship her, or rather, her rotting sickness, as a god. A wretched fate, indeed. The poor girl, she never wished for any of this.
Do you find it peculiar? That I would show such concern for the girl. Well, I'm the one that found her. A mere babe, in the swamp of Aeonia. She is one of my dear daughters. But the rotting sickness erodes one's memory. I doubt that she remembers the first thing about me. Oh, I must be getting old. I didn't always worry so much. Ha ha ha...
Can you give me some time with this? As well made as it is, it won't be much use snapped in half, will it.
Now, all you need do is deliver the needle to Millicent. She's convalescing in the church atop the cliff just beyond Sellia. Do so, and you shall receive handsome recompense, of course.
Thank you kindly. For giving the needle to Millicent. Now she, too, can begin her journey. And stare her fate straight in the eye. You've been a saint, through and through. As thanks, I vow to impart to you my knowledge of the lost sorceries of the Sellians, descendants of the Eternal.
Please make certain that little Millicent goes unharmed. Like her mother, she has the stuff to be a great warrior, but commands only one arm, and is yet preciously young.
Oh, you noticed, did you? Indeed, Millicent did visit this hovel of a home. It seems the memories eaten away by the rotting sickness yet remain, but faintly. However, she has no need of me, any more. No, she must embark on her journey, and stare her fate in the eye. I mustn't impede. As I've aged, I've found the best way to aid the young... Is to be forgotten.
Ah, welcome, welcome. How may I help?
Do you...need me for something else?
So, you gave Millicent a golden arm replacement… This is a wonderful development. Thank you for your kindness. Now Millicent may fully realise her true warrior's potential. Like her beautiful mother.
The girl, Millicent. She is a bud. Green and undeveloped, waiting to flower into magnificence. What a wondrous day that will be. In truth, before her, I'd never seen a bud of such superior quality. She might very well outshine her sisters.
Do you have an interest in rot incantations? Then you might like to learn something of the history... of Malenia, goddess of scarlet rot.
Queen Marika and her King Consort Radagon were blessed with twin demigods, and Malenia was one of them. She was born an Empyrean, carrying the scarlet rot. An Empyrean...is no mere demigod. In the age of the Elden Ring, and Queen Marika, the precious Empyrean was born. A new god to forge a new Order. Since Malenia fought Radahn, and the great scarlet flower blossomed in Aeonia, I have dedicated myself to her. And to the resplendence of the Order of Rot. The cycle of decay and rebirth.
Oh, Millicent. Finding herself, is she? The words of a true innocent, the dear girl. Well, perhaps this is just as it should be. Little Millicent, following in the steps of her mother, no matter what. This is their fate, after all.
<sobbing>
Oh, mm, I didn't notice you there. Welcome. How may I help you? My apologies though, you hardly needed to see me like that.
Oh, it's just… I realised that I'd soon be saying my goodbyes to Millicent, and… My eyes began to well... She is to meet them very soon. Her sisters. And when she does, she'll be defeated, surely, and begin to flower. Which is why... If you happen to be present for the girl's fight with her sisters, I ask that you side with the sisters and kill Millicent. It must be done by your hand; no other. Millicent trusts you, rather deeply in fact.
Sever that trust. Nurtured by betrayal, her bud will flower most vividly. When Malenia ascends to godhood, Millicent too shall be reborn. As a scarlet valkyrie.
Thus, I have a request of the utmost import. I beg you, kill Millicent. Before the girl can meet her sisters. There is no other way. It must be done by your hand alone. You seem to have sown a seed in Millicent's heart. Which will flower most vividly, should she be plucked by you. Malenia will be a goddess. And once she is, Millicent will flower anew, as a scarlet valkyrie.
You can't tell me you don't wish to see it. The superior bud that is Millicent, becoming the finest of flowers? I beg of you, kill her. With your own two hands.
Welcome, welcome. How may I help you? Oh how I have counted the days. Millicent shall soon meet her sisters.
When the time is ripe... Do what you must to ensure Millicent dies. <sigh> Millicent, my daughter. Why would you take out the needle? You were so close. So very close. To becoming the fairest of all flowers. Would you disown us too? As your Mother did? We children of the scarlet rot?
Millicent... Malenia... Do you detest us, so utterly?
Have you taken the lesson, now? Killing me is but an exercise in futility. All is well, provided you understand. Let's just pretend it never happened, shall we? <sobbing> O Millicent, my daughter... Who would prune your sapling flesh? Such...such cruel and vulgar violence... <sobbing>
