Well, look at you. We don't receive many visitors. I presume you are a Tarnished. What brings you here?
Oh, pardon me. It's hardly my place to ask, is it. I am Iji. A blacksmith who once served the Carian royals… An old codger who refuses to retire his rusty hammer. So, here I am, still quietly plying my trade, on this spot. Perhaps you'd like a display? These bones are old, but still able.
Well, it's kind of you to speak to me again. Then I presume these old bones served their purpose, more or less?
Brave Tarnished. Here to put my old bones to work again?
Brave Tarnished. A word of warning, if you please. This territory once belonged to the Carian royal family. Their manor lies not far beyond this point. When the Raya Lucaria Academy turned on the Carians, the Knights of the Cuckoo descended on this tract. After leveling it, they carried on to the manor. The Carians were taken off guard, but their strength had not waned, and they repelled the knights' onslaught... By conjuring an enchanted snare that remains potent to this day. That is why I say, Tarnished. Don't go near the manor. Unless you wish to lie with the corpses of the heedless Knights of the Cuckoo.
Oh, watch out, there. When I'm absorbed in my smithing, I lose sight of all else. If you come too close, I'm apt to cause you harm. I am, after all, terribly large compared to you, Tarnished. You don't know how hard it is not to break anything while I work.
Something else for you?
I've explained the peril. Of the enchanted snare that remains at the royal Carian Manor. Whatever you do, brave Tarnished, stay away from that deathtrap.
Blaidd actually did that, did he? Quite a rare occurrence, for such a guarded soul as he. Perhaps he sensed something unusual about you. At any rate, if you're friendly with Blaidd, I've a few more things that might suit you. I've something else that might suit you.
Oh, so you were the one. Lady Ranni has explained everything. Again, I am Iji. The Carian royal family's dedicated blacksmith, and Lady Ranni's war counsellor. I am told that you are searching for Nokron with Blaidd. I will give you whatever guidance I can. And pray, for your success.
The Carian royal family's dedicated blacksmith, and Lady Ranni's war counsellor. I am told that you are searching for Nokron with Blaidd. I will give you whatever guidance I can. And pray, for your success.
Oh, then you must be the one. Lady Ranni has explained everything. The pleasure is mine. I am Iji.
I take it you've heard of the Eternal City of Nokstella? Well, it has a twin, known as Nokron. The other Eternal City. After years of expeditions, we've determined the location of Nokron. By going underground through the well in the Mistwood of Limgrave, you can see Nokron up above. Only, we've failed to find a path leading to the city. Blaidd's made a good go of it, but I'm afraid this has him quite stumped. To be honest, I'm not sure where to go from here...
Blaidd is Lady Ranni's stepbrother. Ranni's mother, Queen Rennala, approved of him, and they played like siblings from childhood. They were always happy to have me tag along, as well. When Lady Ranni renounced her flesh, and chose the dark path of the Empyrean, Blaidd and I swore allegiance as vassals, but none of us will ever forget our earliest days together. Promise to look after Blaidd for me, will you? The man is honest to a fault. But fortunately, now he has you.
Jerren. Now, that's a name I haven't heard for a while. Before taking up the banner of General Radahn, he was a guest of the Carian royal family. An expert swordsman, to be sure, but ever the eccentric. No surprise he'd get wrapped up in some festival. Oh, no, wait... How did I not see it before! I ought to retire as war counsellor for such a gross oversight! Let me explain. The fate of the Carian royal family is guided by the stars. As is the fate of Lady Ranni, first heir in the Carian royal line. But General Radahn is the conqueror of the stars.
Who stood up to the swirling constellations, halting their movement in a smashing victory. And so, if General Radahn were defeated, the stars would once again resume their movement. As would Lady Ranni's destiny. Perhaps, even, revealing the elusive path. That leads to Nokron.
My apologies for the misleading words of warning. I never imagined that an audience, let alone service to Lady Ranni was in your fate. I, for one, should have seen it, but I did not. Do forgive me, my fellow. Let us give all that we can of ourselves. Together, for Lady Ranni.
Let us give all that we can of ourselves. Together, for Lady Ranni.
Let us give all that we can of ourselves. Together, for Lady Ranni.
Well, my fellow. How may I serve you? As war counsellor, or as blacksmith?
Greetings, my fellow. How can I help?
Something else for you?
Go with Blaidd to the festival grounds. Should General Radahn be defeated, the stars would once again resume their movement. Perhaps revealing the elusive path to Nokron.
Ah, you've finally come. Blaidd told me everything. You've defeated General Radahn, unlocking the stars. The General was blighted by scarlet rot and driven to madness, but not long ago he was hailed as the mightiest demigod of them all. There is no parallel to your achievement. Nor to Lady Ranni's acute judgement of character. Thanks to you, Lady Ranni's fate once again stirs, and the path to Nokron has opened. Descend underground where the fallen star struck Limgrave. And make it yours. The precious treasure of Nokron.
Oh, Blaidd wanted me to tell you. Not to bother waiting for him, and head straight to Nokron. Blaidd has been given an important task. Apparently, a matter of great urgency.
You need not await Blaidd. Descend underground alone where the fallen star struck Limgrave. And make it yours. The precious treasure of Nokron. So that Lady Ranni may tread the dark path of the Empyrean.
Now the festival is over, and General Radahn is defeated... Jerren's duties are finally fulfilled. Though we served different masters, I could see he was truly adept in his role. Now the time has come to remind him of an old promise made. With the stars of fate set into motion, a certain sorceress is dispossessed of her immortality... Finally, we can be rid of a longstanding Carian weed...
Jerren. Now, that's a name I haven't heard for a while. Before taking up the banner of General Radahn, he was a guest of the Carian royal family. An expert swordsman, to be sure, but ever the eccentric. It's funny how things happen. Jerren and I parted ways long, long ago, yet here he is, playing his part in Lady Ranni's fate. I'm afraid I never saw it coming. And I thought myself a capable war counsellor...
I presume you've spoken with Blaidd? Very well. There is something you should know. The Two Fingers gave Blaidd to Lady Ranni, as a faithful follower. Her very shadow, incapable of treachery. But if Lady Ranni, as an Empyrean, resists being an instrument of the Two Fingers, the shadow will go mad, transforming from a follower into a horrid curse. But such is his destiny. In such matters, Blaidd's own thoughts hold no weight. It pains me so, but he must be neutralised. For Lady Ranni's sake.
Unthinkable, how could Blaidd... How did he break free from his cell? No, more importantly... Blaidd became a curse that plagued Lady Ranni, yet even in madness, gave himself to her. I've made a grave misjudgment. And I thought myself a capable war counsellor... I'll catch up with you soon enough, Blaidd. When I do, I only hope you'll accept my apology.
