My apprentice, thank you for coming. These shackles take a toll on us all. There is something I need you to look after. My primal glintstone.
A star has fallen, and my fortunes waver. Someone may come for my life. And so, I entrust it with you. My self.
<groaning in pain>
<panting> Thank you...my apprentice... This...is my essence. Please, treat it with care.
<shivering moans> It will do no good, I swear it... ...and yet you persist, you frothing degenerates... A...argh! <shivering moans>
Treat it with care, my apprentice... What you hold is my very being...
My apprentice, just how long has it been? Thank you. You've helped me fill a new body, once again. And it's truly a gem. Young and full of vigor, a snug fit for my Primal Glintstone. Better still, I've shed those awful shackles. Finally, I can return to the academy. To expel the Carian royal family, and restore the primeval current. My dear apprentice, I owe this all to you.
Finally, I can return to the academy. To expel the Carian royal family, and restore the primeval current.
My apprentice, shall we commence the lesson? As thanks for procuring this new form, I'll be holding you to a higher standard.
You wish to resume the lesson? Have I not been strict enough, I wonder?
Ahh, my apprentice. You've saved my skin once again. Do you see this? The Queen of Caria is no more. With the bodies of Masters Azur and Lusat returned, the academy can hone the primeval current. So that we, fallen children of the stars, shall beam with brilliance once again. My apprentice. Will you stay with us, here at the academy? Oh, I know it's not possible. You have your own calling. To be the next Elden Lord. But do think of me. Of your teacher. On the eve of your crowning.
You will always be my darling pupil. Rest assured that I... No, the entire academy, will swear allegiance to the new monarch. My apprentice. Become Elden Lord.
Hmm, perhaps I'm jumping ahead, but here is a symbol of my allegiance, and the academy's.
Do you recall what once I told you? That glintstone is the amber of the cosmos, and sorcery is the study of the stars, and the life therein. When you become Elden Lord, please illuminate me. Lay bare the secrets of life which course the Elden Ring. Next time, I will be your student.
Oh, one last thing. If you fail to claim your throne, you can always pay me a visit. Oh, don't fret. Even my dullest pupils will always have a place here.
What is it? My apprentice.
Ahh, I am glad to see you. My apprentice. Would you like a lesson? I'm always glad to further your education.
It warms my heart. That you still think of me. Yet I still yearn, for you to find Master Lusat. His body is needed. At the academy, to hone the primeval current...
Who could've guessed. What a place to find Master Lusat... Oh, this is wonderful news. Now, his body will be brought home. And when the bodies of Masters Azur and Lusat are together, the academy can hone the primeval current. So that we, fallen children of the stars, will beam once again. I am most grateful. There are no others who would have done this. What a joy to have you as an apprentice, and kindred spirit. This is a mere token of my thanks. Please, take it.
You wish to resume the lesson? Good. Indeed, it is better to finish what one starts, is it not? With the body of Master Azur returned, the academy can restore the primeval current. So that we, fallen children of the stars, might beam with brilliance once again.
Jerren, bringer of my death. You have my gratitude. For freeing me from my shackles. But I am afraid your work is done. Join the school. To reflect on your mistake.
U...urgh M-my...apprentice... I-I'm...
My...apprentice...
Oh, is that a scroll? Takes me back to my academy days. Very well. This is sorcery with which I'm not entirely unfamiliar. I'll be sure to incorporate it into one of your lessons. Never lose that inquisitive spirit, my apprentice.
