Brave Tarnished, welcome to the Volcano Manor. I am Tanith, the proprietress of this house. Rya spoke well of you. "A warrior of promise," I believe she said. Perhaps you are prepared to make a commitment. Will you join us here at the Volcano Manor, and resist the tide? Why accept the burden of their grace, or be fooled by the dogmatic ramblings of the Fingers? Rise with us, against the Erdtree.
Interesting. Your decision is most welcome. Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family. The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable. But be sure to earn your keep.
Well. That is unfortunate. Rya will be disappointed, but I won't twist your arm. Now, time for you to leave, I should think. Let this intersection of our paths be the last.
Aren't you precocious. We rarely receive visitors to the Volcano Manor without invitation. Fascinating. And not unlike another guest we had long ago… So, Tarnished, have you ever harboured doubts? About the burden of grace, and the dogmatic ramblings of the Fingers? If you have, why not join the Volcano Manor, and fight with us? Rise with us, against the Erdtree.
Your decision is most welcome. Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family. The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable. I am Tanith, the proprietress of this house. An honour to have you.
Well. That is unfortunate. Now, time for you to leave, I should think. Let this intersection of our paths be the last.
Did you read the letter left for you? That is the task the Volcano Manor desires you enact. You will be compensated once the deed is done. Good luck. If you are loath to hunt your own kin, so be it. But you must leave this house at once. This is a war against the Erdtree. We have no place for the meek, nor the luxury of keeping clean hands.
What's this? Have you reconsidered the prospect? Of rising with us, against the Erdtree?
Very well. Your decision is most welcome. Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family. The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable.
You've completed your task. I am pleased. Now you are a recusant true, and a full-fledged member of the Volcano Manor. This is your reward, as promised. Never forget. That the recusant fights to tread the path of the champion. The way is tainted, but for this very reason, it is the true path to valour.
I see you've performed another task for us. Here is your usual reward. Please, take it. Now, perhaps the time has come to tell you. Of the true ruler of this manor, Lord Rykard. The Erdtree blessed the Tarnished with grace. But it was all too meagre, in the face of the enormity of their task. The Tarnished were forced to scavenge, squabbling for crumbs. Like the shardbearers, vying for power in the wake of the Shattering. Our Lord, indignant, has refused. To scurry about, fighting over what miserly scraps they allow us. If the Erdtree, and indeed the very gods, would debase us so,
then we are willing to raise the banner of resistance, even if it means heresy. We at the Volcano Manor, under Lord Rykard, have sworn no rest until it is done. If you follow this heroic path, one day the Lord will see you. The Lord's visits with our champions are always a spectacle. It cannot come a day too soon!
The letter describes the task the Volcano Manor desires you enact. You will be compensated once the deed is done. Good luck.
If you follow this heroic path, one day the Lord will see you. It cannot come a day too soon!
She said that, to you? I should have known something was wrong. The signs were clear enough. Well. Zorayas has placed her trust in you. All the more reason I must tell you. That some things are better left unknown. Besides, no-one should be blamed for their heritage. Think about it. We are resisting the ways of the Erdtree itself. What matters one's lineage in such a crisis?
No, I haven't seen Zorayas anywhere. And she has no scouting duties now. Has she gone off in search of answers? Why won't she just listen...
May I ask your aid? Not as the Manor's proprietress, but as Zorayas' mother. If she discovers the answer to her question, and it causes distress, have her drink this potion. To purge that which would cause her pain.
Yes, I know. My wish is a grave disrespect to her. No different than the Erdtree's imposition. But I've no choice... It must be done.
Thank you, for allowing me this. I will never be a good mother. My heart is too frail. Our Lord must have known this all along. My meekness is all too clear...
Really, she is dead, then... My gratitude for your forthrightness. If you would...allow me some time alone.
Please, allow me some time alone.
I see that you've stayed the path of champions. This is your usual reward. Please, take it. Perhaps you are ready. Might you see our Lord? Our Lord will no doubt welcome you. Another kindred spirit, treading the path of champions.
Yes, as it should be. Now, close your eyes for a moment. I will transport you to the Lord's chamber. Farewell, then. May your visit be fruitful.
I see... Well, I cannot make you take the leap. But do know this. To follow the path of valour, an audience with our Lord is essential. In order to defy this debasement, and rise up against the Erdtree. Like a true recusant of the Volcano Manor.
Won't you consider having an audience with our Lord? Our Lord will no doubt welcome you. Another kindred spirit, treading the path of champions.
You... It's true then. You've defeated our Lord. No, I must thank you. Our Lord was yet weak. You have taught us that. Defeat is not the end. Our Lord is immortal, and will one day rise again, stronger. Until then, I must stay the path, and do my part.
I will leave the Volcano Manor before long. I suggest you do the same. Here is my thanks. For allowing our Lord to be revived, even stronger than before. I will miss these encounters. The champion who walks the tainted path shines all the more. I always was an admirer.
Oh, you... Allow me some time. Our Lord's carcass is vast, and not easily consumed. Dear Rykard, please find purchase within me, I wish to be your serpent; your family. One day, let us devour the gods together.
Dear Rykard, please find purchase within me, I wish to be your serpent; your family. One day, let us devour the gods together.
Now, time for you to leave, I should think. Let this intersection of our paths be the last.
The drawing room is through the hall. Use the key I handed you, and make yourself comfortable.
What's this? Have you reconsidered the prospect? Of rising with us, against the Erdtree?
Very well. Your decision is most welcome. Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family. The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable.
Now, time for you to leave, I should think. Let this intersection of our paths be the last.
The drawing room is through the hall. Use the key I handed you, and make yourself comfortable.
Now you are a recusant true, and a full-fledged member of the Volcano Manor. I am pleased to have you on our side.
